move on: "翻篇"
    Life moves on. So should you.
    I am seeing someone: 在约会
        I think she's seeing someone.
        I don't think he's seeing anyone right now.
    I am not seeing him anymore: 我们分手了
        I am not seeing him anymore. I have moved on with my life.
    turn the page: 单纯指翻书
    page-turner 想让人一口气读完的书
        This is definitely a page-turner. I stayed up until 3am to finish it last night.
stuck in the friend zone: 好人卡
    I finally plucked up courage to ask her out, but she turned me down and said we would be better
    off staying friends. Now I'm stuck in the friend zone forever.
considerate guy: 暖男
    Being a considerate guy helps get a girlfriend.
    渣男:   playboy 花花公子; scumbag 卑鄙小人; philanderer 玩弄女性者; two-timer 爱情不专一者
board games: 桌游
    werewolf 狼人   pretend to be a seer 悍跳
    villager 村民   run for the sheriff 竞选局长
    seer 预言家     quit the election 退水
    witch 女巫      good identity 金水      bad identity 查杀
    Go 围棋     Chess 象棋      checkers 跳棋
    crossword 拼字游戏      Monopoly 大富翁     The Werewolves 狼人杀
lipstick: 口红(固体唇膏)
    lip gloss 唇彩; lip balm 润唇膏; lip liner 唇线笔
    shades (口红)色号       rose shades 玫瑰红
feel stifled: 心塞
    stifle v.压制; 扼杀; 阻止       stifled: adj.感到窒息
    I feel stifled because I get lost again.
    suffocated 感到窒息的; distress 苦恼的, 忧虑的; dismayed 失望的, 忧虑的;
    depressed 沮丧的, 意志消沉的; uncomfortable 感到难受的; (使)焦虑的
seckilling: n.秒杀      seckill v.
    He got a cellphone from seckilling.
    I want to seckill a laptop.
    synonym: flash sale "限时特惠"
    discount 折扣   a twenty percent discount 八折
    buy one get one free 买一送一     on sale 特价    coupon 优惠券
popsicle: 冰棍
    A popsicle is a piece of flavoured ice or ice cream on a stick.
    ice cream 冰淇淋
        I want two scoops of ice cream. 冰淇淋球
    ice cream cone 甜筒
        Le's stop for an ice cream cone.
    sundae 圣代
        I'd like a cheese burger and a strawberry sundae.
    shaved ice 刨冰
        I want to eat some shaved ice.
thesis (oral) defense: (口头)论文答辩
    graduation trip 毕业旅行    gap year 间隔年
    farewell meal 散伙饭
    intership 实习              intern 实习生
sense of occasion: 仪式感   a feeling that a time or event is special or important
    Every family tries to create a sense of occasion around Christmas.
    sense of humor / belonging / urgency / security / loss / loneliness
    special occasions: 1.特殊场合 2.特殊的情况/事情
        She is all dressed up and pretty. You can tell it is a very special occasion.
just a pretty face: 花瓶
    She's just a pretty face.
trick: v.忽悠
    I got tricked into signing a one-year phone plan contract.
    buy into: 上当受骗
        That commercial is totally deceiving. Don't buy into it!
    psych: [口]骗到你啦
        I waited for you for 2 straight hours! ...Psych!
    I too was hustled, scammed, bamboozled, hoodwrinked, lead astray!
stroke the cat: 撸猫
    stroke: v.轻抚, 抚摸; 敲击; 划桨等
            n.笔画; 划水; 中风; 尝试等
    wrap: 缠绕, 包裹
        He wrapped himself up into a ball by my feet at the edge of the bed.
    pur: (猫咪在感动时发出的)咕噜声     purring
officially announce: v.官宣
    Tom will officially announce his retirement at a press conference.
    officially announcement: n.官方公告
        The president made an officially announcement.
    announce: 多指首次宣布大家感兴趣的事情
        She was planning to announce her engagement to Peter.
    proclaim: 指官方宣布重大事件或施政方针
        The president proclaimed the repulic's independence.
    pronounce: 多用于指法律判决方面的宣布
        The judge will pronounce the sentence this afternoon.
real stuff: 干货
    Cut the crap! Get to the real stuff! 别扯些没用的了!赶紧讲干货!
    the meat: 干货; 最重要的部分
        Before we get to the meat of the matter, I'd like to show you some statistic.
binge watching: n.追剧
    binge: immoderately self-indulgent and unrestrained 狂欢作乐
Buddha-like: 佛系的
    He is a Buddha-like boy.
    -like: 类似...的; 有...特征的   
        childlike; fanlike 扇状的; cuplike; steellike; dreamlike
college entrance exam: 高考
    Today, the Dragon Boat Festival, you will get your certificate of admission from the university that you yearn for.
(Chinese) sticky rice dumplings: 粽子
    sticky rice 糯米
    sticky rice dumplings with dates 甜粽; sticky rice dumplings with pork 肉粽
straight man cancer: 直男癌
    male chauvinist pig (MCP) "男性沙文主义猪"
        He is such a male chauvinist pig.
    mansplain: 1.(男人以居高临下的姿态发表)直男癌言论 2.特指男人像女人解释她已经知道的事情
        Tom mansplained to Susan that women were bad drivers.
        I've just had a guy mansplain my own job to me. 指手画脚; 说教
buddy / man / dude: (男生之间)老铁
    Hey buddy, what's going on?
    I decided not to go after all. I'm so sorry man.
    Dude, you were not supposed to hit on my girls.
lollipop: n.棒棒糖
    candy 1.糖果统称 2.[美]巧克力
        hard candy 水果硬糖; bubble gum 泡泡糖; toffee 太妃糖; caramel 焦糖
        cnady bars 能量棒(类似于士力架)
    gummy candy: 橡皮糖
        gummy+形状: gummy bears 小熊软糖
word of mouth: n.口碑; 口耳相传
    That new sushi place is not doing a whole lot of advertising. We found out about it 
    by word of mouth. It turned out to be a great choice.
    review n.评价
        I was not sure about that hotel. It had over 100 bad reviews out of 500.
greasy: adj.1.(头发或者皮肤)油腻的 2.(饮食)油腻的
    oil adj.(多指食物)油腻的
    greasy middle-aged men
    肥胖: 1.fat 2.obese (病态的)
    worry beads: a string of beads that one fingers and moves in order to calm oneself 珠串
    bracelet: n.手镯; 手链
    thermos n.保温杯; 热水瓶
    combover / comb over: "谢顶流苏"
        Mind if I comb over?
spicy crayfish: 麻辣小龙虾
    size(shrimp) < size(prawn)
    cuttlefish 乌贼; jellyfish 水母; starfish 海星
make eyes at sb. / giv sb. the glad eye 抛媚眼
    Look, they are making eyes at you.
    All the men were giving her the glad eye.
roll one's eyes: 翻白眼
    She rolled her eyes when I told her I love her.
turn a blind eye to sb./sth.
    She has been turning a blind eye to her husband's affairs for like 20 years.
My eyes!: 辣眼睛!
    Did you see Trump's new hairstyle? Oh! My eyes!
milk tea: 奶茶
    Is there anyone want some milk tea?
    bubble tea / pearl milk tea 珍珠奶茶; Hong Kong-style milk tea 丝袜奶茶; heral jelly milk tea 仙草奶茶
    milk foam 奶盖
        milk foam black tea 奶盖红茶    milk foam coffee 奶盖咖啡
mascara: 睫毛膏
    lengthening 纤长型 / volumizing 浓密型 / curling 卷翘型
    How to apply mascara perfectly?
    toner 爽肤水 / lotion 乳液 / serum 精华 / cream 面霜
    foundation 粉底 / concealer 遮瑕 / eyeshadow 眼影 / contour 修容
stand sb. up: 放某人鸽子; 失约
    I won't stand you up any more.
    Tom stood me up. = I was stood up by Tom.
    no-show 没有赴约/到场的人
        I expected a date with Green, but he was a no-show.
jellied bean curd: 豆腐脑
    texture 口感; 质地      curd 凝乳状物体
    sofu tofu 南豆腐 / firm tofu 北豆腐 / frozen tofu 冻豆腐
    stinky tofu 臭豆腐 / tofu puffs 豆腐泡 / tofu skin 腐竹
easily upset: 玻璃心; 容易生气或伤心的
    She is easily upset, so don't bother her.
    touchy: 过于敏感的
        Why are you yelling at me? Gosh you're touchy.
    susceptible: 情感易受影想的; 脆弱的
        Sarah cries every time when her boyfriend doesn't answer the call. She's quite susceptible.
    sensitive: 敏感的; 脆弱的
        Don't be so sensitive. I'm not talking about you.
    snowflake: 易受伤的人
        You're a bit of a snowflake, aren't you?
heat stroke: 中暑
    stroke 中风
    He made a mistake by staying in the sun for too long and ended up having a heat stroke.
    pass out 晕倒
        She had a heat stroke and passed out before she could come back inside to sit down.
    A/C = air conditioning 空调(冷气)
        I'd rather stay in a room with the A/C on all day long.
        Do you mind if I turned the air on? I'm about to pass out from the heat.
    heater 暖气
premium: "智商税"  a price that is higher than the regular price n.额外费用; 溢价
    I would like to pay a premium for a ticket for Avengers: Endgame.
    I did a stupid thing! 交"智商税"
screen protector: 贴膜
    Hey man, check out my new iPhone! Don't worry about messing up the screen. I've got a screen protector there.
    phone case 手机壳
        Where did you get this phone case? These reversible sequins are awesome!
    phone ring / phone grip / phone stand
bangs: 刘海[美]     hair which is cut so that it hangs over your forehead
    fringe 刘海[英]
    I want bangs.
    Can you trim my bangs? 打理刘海
    crew cut 平头; 板寸 / bowl cut 西瓜头 / ponytail 马尾辫 / bob "波波头" / bun "丸子头"
    wispy bangs 空气刘海
go for a drive: 开车去兜风
    Hey! Check out my new car! Wanna go for a drive?
    He took her for a drive along the coast.
    drive n.
        It was such a long drive home.
    wheel barrow 手推车
V gesture / V sign / peace sign: 剪刀手
    He nodded his head as a gesture of agreement.
reveal the punchline: 抖包袱
    punchline 包袱; 小料
hot pot / Chinese style fondue: 火锅
    sukiyaki: [日本]寿喜烧
    fondue: (奶酪/芝士)火锅  cheese served
    broth: 底汤     chicken broth 高汤      spicy cooked oil 辣油
    simmer v.炖; 焖煮
    An essential part of Chinese fondue is different flavors of dipping source.
    What you share through fondue is not only the food simmered in it but the love it has.
get/have a kebab: 撸串
    kebab 土耳其烤肉
    Let's get a kebab! I know a new place that's really good!
    barbecue: BBQ n./v.烧烤(烹饪方式)
    oyster 生蚝     skewer 烧烤钎子
    chicken drumsticks 鸡腿     shish kebab / lamb kebab 羊肉串
speculation: n.炒作
    The rumor of that female star is pure speculation.
    promote: 比较正面的宣传，不够炒作的分量
    hype: 有夸大其词的成分但还是有依据
night owl: n.夜猫子
    I was a night owl when I was younger, but these days I'd rather got to bed early.
    stay up late 熬夜
        work the night shift / on night duty 值夜班
        insomnia 失眠
    early bird 早起鸟
        Early bird gets the worm.
        An hour in the morning is worth two in the evening.
There is none who cannot teach somebody something, and there is none so excellent that he cannot be excelled.
All the art of living lies in a fine mingling of letting go and holding on.