glass ceiling: a position you cannot go any further, usually in improving your position at work 天花板
    无形限制，无形顶障
    hit the glass ceiling 受到不公正待遇、歧视
    I hit the glass ceiling hard. It hurt like hell.
chip away at...: 削弱，损害，一点一点消耗掉
    While there were big issues, most of what happened were little behaviors and patterns that slowly chipped away at my ability to do my work well.
innovate: v.改革，创新
    They ate away at my confidence, my leadership, my capacity to innovate.
be flat out: adv.(用于强调)完全
    When we asked her about it, she was flated out denied it.
dismiss: v.对...不予理会；摒弃 sth./sb. is not important and not worth considering
champion: v.支持，捍卫，声援
    Some of my ideas are flat out dismissed and then brought up by somebody else and championed.
ally: n.盟友，支持者 someone who helps or supports someone else
    I was the only woman in the room. And I could have used an ally.
wear sb. down: 慢慢消磨...的斗志
    Little behaviors and patterns like these, every day, again and again, they wear you down.
toxic: adj.有毒的; 令人难受的，不能接受的
    toxic workplace culture 有害的办公室文化
Microaggressions - everyday slights, insults, negative verbal and nonverbal communication, whether intentional or not, that impede your ability to do your work well.
intentional: planned, intented 故意的，蓄意的
whether ... or not: 不论，是否
microaggression: n.微歧视
insult: n.辱骂，侮辱  [注意发音！]
impede: v.妨碍，阻碍，阻止  to make more difficult for sth. to happen or sb. to do sth.
verbal: adj.口头的，非书面的
But there is no magic wand for correcting diversity and inclusion. Change happens one person at a time, one act at a time, one word at a time.
wand: n.魔杖，魔法棒
inclusion: n.不排斥任何群体，包容
And that work begins with unlearning what we know about success and opportunity. We've been told our whole lives that if we work hard, that hard work pays off,
we'd get what we deserve, we'd live our dream. But that isn't true for everyone.
unlearn: v.改掉, 抛弃(恶习) to make an effort to forget your usual way of doing sth. so you can learn in a new and better way
deserve:
    You deserve it! 你实至名归; 你应得的
Your gender, your race, your ethnicity, your religion, your disability, your sexual orientation, your class, your geography, 
all of these can give you more or fewer opportunities for success.
ethnicity: n.种族
sexual orientation: 性取向，性倾向
allyship: n.同盟，盟友
    That's where allyship comes in. Allayship is about understanding that imbalance in opportunity and working to correct it.
thrive: v.茁壮成长，兴旺，繁荣
    Helping them succeed and thrive with us.
underrepresented: 未被充分代表的，被忽视的; 弱势的  If a type of person or thing in a group or organization, there're not enough of them in it.
    Don't interrupt. Underrepresented people are more likely to be interrupted, so just take a step back and listen. Echo and attribute.
echo: to repeat your oppinion or idea because you aggree with it.
attribute: v. to say that a particular person is the first person to say sth., do sth., invent sth. etc.    认为...是; 把...品质归于sb.
    attribute sth. to sb.
    If I had a great idea, echo my idea and then attribute it to me, and we thrive together.
Advocate for underrepresented people in small ways. Intervene; you can change the power dynamics(氛围; 气氛) in the room.
advocate: to speak in support of a idea or an action    v.拥护，主张，支持
intervene: intentional become involved to prevent or protect sth. from getting worse
belittle: to make sb. or an action same as if he, she or it is not important    v.轻视，贬低
    They are belittled, they are being interrupted, do something, say something.
mentor: to help and give advice to a younger or a less-experienced person   v.指导 [注意发音！]
    Mentor or sponsor them, give them opportunities as they grow.
be there for sb.: 不离不弃，在...身边支持
    When we're there for each other, when we support each one another, we thrive together.
Allyship is powerful. Try it.