wander: v.走神，开小差
    When my mind wandered, bring it back.
It turns out that...: 最终发现...; 结果是...
conserve: v.保护，保留
reward-based: adj.基于报酬的; 回馈式的
positive reinforcement: 正强化
negative reinforcement: 负强化
lay down: 制定; 主张
    We lay down the context-dependent memory and learn to repeat the process next time.
context-dependent: adj.依赖语境的，与情境相关的
trigger: v.引起，激发
    See food, eat food, feel good, repeat. Trigger, behavior, reward.
stress (out): adj.紧张的，焦虑的，担心的
urge: n.(尤指无法控制的)欲望，冲动    a strong wish, especially difficult or impossible to control
    Feeling stressed out triggers that urge to some a cigarette or to eat something sweet.
literally: to emphasize what we'll said
    With the same brain processes, we've gone from learning to survive to literally killing ourselves with these habits.
Obesity and smoking are among the leading preventable causes of morbidity and mortality in the world.
preventable: able to be prevented 可预防的，可阻止的
morbidity: n.发病(率) (medical)the number of people who have a particular disease
mortality: n.死亡数量，死亡率  the number of death within a particular society and within a period of time
    morbidity and mortality: 发病率和死亡率
tap into: 能够使用...获得好的结果
    We instead tap into this natural, reward-based learning process, but add a twist.
twist: n.变化; 转折; 改变 a change in a way in which sth. happened
momentary: adj.片刻的，瞬息的，短暂的   lasting for a very short time
    momentary experience
Mindful smoking: smells like stinky cheese and tastes like chemicals, YUCK!
mindful: adj.留神的，注意的
stinky: adj.产生臭味的
yuck: (exlamation) (表示厌恶)呸
disenchanted: adj.觉醒的; 不再着迷的; 幻想破灭的    no longer believe in the value of sth., especially having learned the problems with it
    be disenchanted with 对...醒悟; 对...不抱幻想
    She started to become disenchanted with her behavior.
spell: n.咒语，符咒; 魔法; 着迷
    The spell of smoking is broken.
We're much more likely to do things like yell at our spouse or kids when we're stressed out or tired.
yell at sb.: 冲...大喊大叫
spouse: n.配偶  a person's husband or wife
can't help oneself: 控制不住自己，情不自禁
    Even though we know it's not going to be helpful. We just can't help ourselves.
disenchantment: n.觉悟，觉醒
Seeing what we get from our habits helps us understand them at a deeper level - to know it in our bones so
we don't have to force ourselves to hold back or restrain ourselves from behavior.
hold back: (常指因恐惧或不愿让事情变得更糟糕而)退缩，不做
visceral: adj.发自内心的; 发自肺腑的
stance: n.态度，立场
    become disenchanted on a visceral level and from this disenchanted stance, naturally let it go
restrain (from): 阻止，遏制
When we get curious, we step out of our old, fear-based, reactive habit patterns, and we step into being.
perpetuate: v.使持续; 使长存; 使永恒
exhaustive: adj.彻底的，详尽的，全面的
    It will just be another chance to perpetuate one of our endless and exhaustive habit loops ... or step out of it.
drift off: 漫无目的地移动; 迷迷糊糊地睡去