Why you should define your fears instead of your goals
full-blown: adj.成熟的; (花)盛开的; (帆等)张满的
    I went from deciding to full-blown planning very quickly.
precipice: n. 悬崖；绝壁；险境
    And I came this close to the edge of the precipice. It's the closest I've ever come.
And the only reason I took my finger off the trigger was thanks to a few lucky coincidences.
That's what scared me the most: the element of chance.
So I became very methodical about testing different ways that I could manage my ups and downs.
So I thought rather than get up and give any type of recipe for success or highlight reel, 
I would share my recipe for avoiding self-destruction, and certainly self-paralysis.
And the tool I've found which has proven to be the most reliable safety net for emotional free fall, is actually the same tool
that helped me to make my best business decisions. But this is secondary.
And it is ... stocisim. 斯多葛学派
A cow standing in the rain. It's not sad. It's not particularly happy. It's just an impassive creature taking whatever life sends its way.
I would encourage you to think about stoicism a little bit differently, as an operating system for thriving
in high-stress environments, for making better decisions.
For our purposes, chief among them was training yourself to separate what you can control from what you cannot control, and then 
doing exercises to focus exclusively on the former. This decreases emotional reactivity, which can be a superpower.
fly off the handle: [美][口] 冒火；勃然大怒
    If you fly off the handle at a very valued employee because of a minor infraction, that could cost you the employee.
Dear John letter: 绝交信; 分手信
"We suffer more often in imagination than in reality."      - Seneca
This is visualizing the worst-case scenarios, in detail, that you fear preventing you from taking action,
so that you can take action to overcome that paralysis.
Humans are very good at considering what might go wrong if we try something new, say, ask for a raise.
What we don't often consider is the atrocious cost of the status quo.
...And I realized that inaction was no longer an option for me.
"fear-setting"
(first page)
What if I...?
DEFINE      PREVENT     REPAIR 
(second page)
What might be the benefits of an attempt or partial success?
(build confidence, develop skills, emotional, financially, etc.)
(third page)
The Cost of Inaction (emotionally, physically, financially, etc.)
6 MONTHS    1 YEAR      3 YEARS

"Easy choises, hard life; Hard choises, easy life."
The hard choises - what we most fear doing, asking, saying - these are very often exactly what we most need to do.
And the biggest challenges and problems we face will never be solved with comfortable conversations, whether it's 
in your own head or with other people.
Where is your lives right now, might defining your fears be more important than defining your goals?
