subject: v.遭受，承受
    subject sb. to sth.: to force sth./sb. to experience sth. very unpleasant, especially over a long time
humiliation: n.丢脸，耻辱，羞辱
    I've spent that last decade subjecting myself pain and humiliation, hopefully for a good case, which is self-improvement.
encyclopedia: 百科全书; 大全
Encyclopedia Britannica 大英百科全书
from A to Z: to include everything
    He knows everything about it from A to Z.
    I decided to try to get smarter by reading the entire Encyclopedia Britannica from A to Z.
the Bible 圣经
heritage: the traditional beliefs, values, customs, etc. of a country or a society  n.遗产(指流传下来的具有历史意义的传统，语言，建筑等)
dive: to jump into to water or to move down under the water 潜水，跳水
    dive in sth.: 一头扎进; 潜心做某事
    I decided to learn about the Bible and my heritage by actually diving in and trying to live it and immerse myself in it.
immerse oneself in sth.: completely involved in sth. v.埋头做...
    She immersed herself in Chinese history.
trilogy: a set of three books, plays or movies dealing with the same characters or the same subject n.(书或戏剧的)三部曲
thank God / thank goodness: be happy that sth. has been avoided or has finished 谢天谢地
overwhelming： having such a great effect on you that you feel confused and do not know how to react    adj.难以抵挡的，无法抗拒的
mind-boggling: extreme suprising or difficult to understand or imagine     adj.令人难以想象的, 十分惊人的
    Calculating calories every day is mind-boggling.
    It was so overwhelming, because the amount of things you have to do, it's just mind-boggling.
a board of people medical advicers 医疗顾问
    a board of: a group of people
meditate: spend time sitting in a silence state, in order to relax completely
    meditation n.
pet dogs:
    pet: v. to touch it gently and affectionately   爱抚
        Our dog loves to be petted.
low/high blood pressure
in a sense: 从某种意义上讲 
    So I finished, and it was a success in a sense.
marker: (身体)指标; 标识，记号
    All of the markers went in the right direction. My cholesterol went down, I lost weight, my wife stopped telling me that I looked pregnant.
cholesterol: n.胆固醇
overall: in general, not in particular  adv.总的来说，全面地
    It was successful overfall.
    Overall, the price is still rising.
"I was too healthy, and that was unhealthy."
focus on doing sth.
neglect: to not give enought care or attention on things that are your responsibilities v.疏于照管; 忽视; 忽略 [不是故意为之]
    I was so focused on doing all these things that I was neglecting my friends and family.
As Dan Buettner can tell you, having a strong social network is so crucial to our health.
kind of: 稍微，有点
go overboard: to do sth. too much or to be too excited or eager about sth.
    So I finished. And I kind of went overboard on the week after the project was over.
    The problem arises when you go over board.
dark side: 阴暗面
indulge: to let yourself do or have sth. that you enjoy, especially sth. that is bad to you
    I went to the dark side, and I just indulged myself.
come out: v.结果是，公布，揭晓
    I didn't expect this to come out, but I live a much quieter life now.
underestimated: to think or guess that sth. is smaller, cheaper, easier, etc. than it really is
    <-> overestimate
    Never underestimate your opponent.
under-appreciated: adj.未得到正确评价的，未得到充分赏识的
hazard: sth. that is dangerous and likely to cause damage   危险物，危害物
fight-or-flight response: 或战或退(应激反应)
    We live in such a noisy world, and this is a real underestimated, under-appreciated health hazard -- not just because it harms our hearing, which it obvious does,
    but it actually initiates the fight-or-flight response.
Joy - it's actually been a theme of TEDMED - is so important to your health, 
that very few of these behaviors will stick with me unless there's some sense of pleasure and joy in them.
stick with: 继续做...
be great at: 非常擅长...
figure out: 解决，想出
    The junk food industry is really great at pressing our pleasure buttons and figuring out what's the most pleasurable.