If you were actually in this study, you'd probably be a little stressed out. Your heart might be pounding.
You might be breathing faster, maybe breaking out into a sweat. And normally, we interpret these physical
changes as anxiety or signs that we aren't coping very well with the pressure.
But what if you viewed them instead as signs that your body was energized, was preparing you to meet this
challenge? That pounding heart is preparing you for action; If you breathing faster, it's no problem. It's
getting more oxygen to your brain.
If you raised your hand and said you'd had a lot of stress in the last year, we could save your life, because
hopefully the next time your heart is pounding from stress, you're going to remember this talk, and you're going
think to yourself: this is my body helping me rise to this challenge. And when you view stress in that way, your
body believes you, and your strength response becomes healthier.
Oxytocin helps heart cells regenerate and heal from any stress-induced damage. This stress hormone strengthens
your heart. And the cool thing is that all of these physical benefits of oxytocin are enhanced by social contact
and social support. So when you reach out to others under stress, either to seek support or to help someone else,
you release more of this hormone, your stress responce becomes healthier, and you actually recover faster from stress.
I find this amazing that your stress response has a built-in mechanism for stress resilience. And that mechanism
is human connection.
People who spent time caring for others, showed absolutely no stress-related increase in dying. Zero.
Caring created resilience.
When you choose to view your stress response as helpful, you create the biology of courage.
And when you choose to connect with others under stress, you can create resilience.
When you choose to view stress in this way, you are not just getting better at stress, you're actually making pretty
profound statement. You're saying that you can trust yourself to handle life's challenges. And you're remembering that
you don't have to face them alone.

Go after what it is that creates meaning in your life, and then trust yourself to handle the stress that follows.

resilience: n.恢复力; 弹力
    resilient adj.有弹力的; 能复原的; 有复原力的; 适应性强的
        She is a resilient girl.
compassionate: adj.富有同情心的
    She adopted a lot of wandering cats and dogs. I think she is a compassionate person.
impromptu speech: 即兴演讲
    impromptu adj.无准备的; 即兴的
    You're told to have to give a five-minute impromptu speech on your personal weaknesses.
bottle up: 隐藏; 抑制, 压抑情绪
nudge: v.(用肘)轻推; 轻撞 n.推动, 劝说
    Your biological stress response is nudging you to tell someone how you feel, instead of botting it up.
oxytocin: 催产素