superficial: adj.表面的，浅显的，肤浅的 not complete, and involving only the most obvious things
    I think the analysis of this question was very superficial.
    Image is powerful, but also, image is superficial
immutable: adj.永恒的; 不可改变的   not changing or unable to be changed
    an immutable law
I'd also note that I'm quite privileged to be able to transform what you think of me in a very brief 10 seconds.
Not everybody gets to do that.
bar: prep. 除……外
    Bar surgery, or the fake tan that I got two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform how we look.
How we look, though is superficial and immutable, has a huge impact on our lives.
I always just say, "Oh, I was scouted." but that means nothing.
The real way that I became model is I wom a genetic lottery, and I am the recipient of a legacy.
legacy: n. 遗赠，遗产
For the past centuries, we have defined beauty not just as health and youth and symmetry that we're biologically
programmed to admire, but also as talk, slender figures, and femininity and white skin. And this is legacy that was built for me,
and it's a legacy that I've been cashing out on.
symmetry: n.对称; 匀称  the quality of having parts that match each other, especially in the way that is attractive
    pleasing symmetry 对称美
biologically programmed: 生理性设定的, 出于生物本能的
figure: n.(女性的)身材, 体形, 身段
    She got her figure back after having the baby.
slender: 苗条的, 纤细的     thin but attractive
femininity: n.女性气质
Saying you want to be a model when you grow up is akin to saying that you want to win the Powerball when you grow up.
It's out of your control, it's awesome, and it's not a career path.
be akin to: 类似于...   having some of the same qualities
win the Powerball / lottery: 中彩(强力球)
out of control: 失控, 不受控制
    The situation gets out of control.
underwear model: 内衣模特
bikini: 比基尼泳装
They are constuctions, and they are constuctions by a group of professionals, by hairstylists and makeup artists and 
photographers and stylists and all of their assistants and pre-production and post-production.
stylist: a person whose job is to help people, especially famous people, decide on styles of clothes, hair etc.
assistant: sb. who help to sb. else to do a job
professional: n.专业人员
    health professionals: 医疗专业人员
You just need to meet a group of models, because they have the thinnest thighs, the shiniest hair and the coolest clothes,
and they're the most physically insecure women probably on the planet.
thigh: n.大腿
"Do you get free stuff?"
But the free stuff that I get is the free stuff that I get in real life and that's what we don't like to talk about.
I got these free things because how I look, not who I am, and there are people paying a cost for how they look and not who they are.
And those things are true, but they're only one half of the story, because the thing that we never say on camera, that I have never 
said on camera, is "I am insecure".
I found it very difficult to strike an honest balance, because on the one hand, I felt very uncomfortable to come out here and say,
"Look I've received all these benefits from a deck stacked in my favor," and it also felt really uncomfortable to follow that up with,
"and it doesn't always make me happy."
strike a balance: 协调，公平处理
But mostly it was difficult to unpack a legacy of gender and racial oppression when I am one of the biggest beneficiaries.
If there's a takeaway for this talk, I hope it's that we all feel more comfortable acknowledging the power of image in our perceived sucesses
and in our perceived failures.
feel comfortable to acknowledge ...: 欣然接受, 打心里接受
perceived: adj.所理解的, 所认为的  to come to an opinion about sth. or have a believe about sth.
    Women's magazines are always perceived to be superficial.