2019-03-02
The Google and Apple app that helps Saudi men limit female relatives' travel
A Saudi mobile application that lets men track and restrict the movements of women in the kingdom has 
come under increased scrutiny this week with a U.S. senator and rights grouping urging Apple and Google 
to remove it from their platforms, accusing the technology giants of facilitating gender discrimination.
scrutiny: careful and thorough examination  受到严格审查
    Politicians are under scrutiny all the time.
with sb. doing sth.: 由于某人做了某事导致...
facilitate: to make sth. possible or easier v.促使，促进
    Reading books can facilitate language learning.
    facility: n.设备，设施   toilet facility
in question: 成问题的   His honesty is in question.
    They begin with the object in question and then draw conclusions from it.
    The whole project in now in question.
The app in question, called Absher, was launched in 2015 by the Saudi government. It allows men to manage the women under their guardianship.
guardianship: n.监护人身份
    -ship: 身份  authorship, citizenship
notification: n.通知，告示  notify: v.
    We received written notification that Harry was missing.
    The men can turn on notifications that alert them with a text message.
    Many of us are already overwhelmed by notifications, overflowing inboxes and social media feeds.
Critics say makes the tech companies complicit in the repression of Saudi women.
complicit: involved with other people in sth. wrong or illegal  adj.有同谋关系的，串通的；狼狈为奸，同流合污
    complicit in ...
    Several officers were complicit in the cover-up.
repression: n.(对人的情感欲望表达方面的)镇压，压迫    repress v.
    sexual repression
    Of course, states like East Germany and czechoslovakia were marked by political repression.
pull...from..: 将...从...带走
    The effort to pull Absher from the platforms got a boost this week. 得到支持
It was used by the Saudi government to enable the abhorrent surveillance and control of women.
abhorrent: adj.使人厌恶的,可恶的  abhorrent discrimination
    abhor: v.痛恨，憎恨
surveillance: n.监视    surveillance system
    Some surveillance video images of the events at the mall were released on Tuesday.
Crown Prince: 皇储，王储
seek out: 寻求
in efforts to: 努力做...    in efforts to improve yourself
Saudi Arabia has sought out partnerships with global tech firms in efforts to enhance their economies.
"If the tech companies would say, 'You are being oppressive,' that would mean a lot," Aldosary said.
oppressive: adj.压迫的，压制的
    oppress v.(对人和团体的)压迫，压抑    to treat sb. in a cruel and unfair way, especially by not giving them the same freedom, rights, etc. as other people