2019-03-03
Alita: Battle Angel review-lovestruck tweenies do battle in robot dystopia
review: 评论，评价
    a book review   a movie review
lovestruck: adj.被爱情冲昏头脑的    heartbroken     handmade
do battle: 开战，严肃作战   to fight in a serious way
dystopia: 反乌托邦，反面假想国  dys-: 不正常的；坏的
    "We live in an age of dystopias," she said.
    utopia: 乌托邦
Robert Rodriguez has lately been a purveyor of grindhouse-homage laughs with his Machete franchise and jaded 2D thrills in the Sin City movies.
purveyor: sb. who provides goods or services 提供者，供应商
    seafood purveyors   a purveyor of fake news
grindhouse-homage: adj.致敬剥削电影的
    grindhouse: n.刑房；剥削电影
    homage: deep respect
jaded: adj.厌倦的，腻烦的(由于一模一样)
    I have a jaded appetite.    I am jaded.
    Flying is exciting the first time you do it, but you soon become jaded.
2D thills: 2D惊悚场面   laugh: 笑柄 
colossal: adj.巨大的，庞大的 extremely large
    a colossal pyramid / a colossal amount of money
It's a coming-of-age melodrama about young love in the postapocalyptic future， centring on a young woman called Alita with "the face of an angel 
and a body built for battle", and involving plenty of human-slash-cyborg martial arts.
melodrama: n.情节剧，音乐剧 (传奇剧，煽情剧)  
coming-of-age: adj.成年的，成年礼的;成熟的
    come of age: 被大众接受
    Artificial intelligence is coming of age. 
    I wasn't until recent years that concern for environment really came of age.
postapocalyptic: adj.后世界末日的，后末世的
    post-: ...之后
    apocalypse: n.世界末日  apocalyptic: adj.世界末日的
martial art: 武术
    kung fu 功夫    karate 空手道   judo 柔道   tae kwon do 跆拳道
human-slash-cyborg: n.人类或者机械改造人
    cyborg: n.半机械人,机械改造人
    slash: n.斜线号 /
manga: n.日本漫画
    Korean schoolkids are obsessed with Japanese-style manga.
whitewashing: v.粉饰，掩盖真相; 用白人演员演非白人角色(漂白)
    It has been the subject of whitewashing complaints.
indeterminate: adj.不确定的,不明确的; 架空的
    They are kept at separate facilities for indeterminate periods of time.
polyglot megacity: 多元大都市(会多种语言的)
Its lead female character has the distinctive stylised big-eye look, a manga convention that is, perhaps, neither Asian nor western.
stylised: drawn, written, etc. in a way that is not natural or realistic 不自然的，不现实的
The extravagant cartoon violence involves damage to metal and circuitry rather than flesh and blood.
circuitry: 电路，电路系统
Alita: Battle Angel is a film with Imax spectacle and big effects.
But for all its scale, it might end up being put on for 13-year-olds as a sleepover entertainment.
spectacle: n.壮观场面，惊人表演(展示)
    The Imperial Palace opened with a dazzling spectacle for Lantern Day.
but for: 要不是 = If it were not for...
    The game could be over but for(if it were not for) you.