2019-03-31
A hit TV series in China skewers cranky old parents
skewer: v.用签穿肉; 讽刺
    1. to put pieces of food, especially meat, on a skewer; 2. to criticize sb. very strongly
    skewer the mutton
cranky: adj.古怪的; 脾气暴躁的
    cranky ideas / cranky schemes
    He is always restless and cranky after school.
It is no mean feat to be one of the top-ten trending hashtags on Weibo for 20 consecutive days and counting.
"All is well", a show on provincial televison which premiered on March 1st, has done just that.
no mean feat: 了不起的成就  (synonym: no mean achievement)
    It is no mean feat to do ...
    mean: adj.一般的    not very good
    no mean: 相当好的, 不平常的
        His mother is no mean artist.
    feat: n.功绩; 壮举
    Getting the job finished in under a week was no mean feat.
    That's no mean feat in an industry that's growing by less than 2% a year.
premiere: v.首次公演(戏剧、音乐、电影)  to performed or shown to an audience for the first time
    The film were premiered in Cannes Festival.
fiction: adj. 虚构的；小说的
    The story tells the story of a fictional Chinese family torn by internal conflict.
The female protagonist, Su Mingyu, is barely on speaking terms with her widowed father and one of her two brothers.
protagonist: n.主角,主演; 主要人物,领导者
on speaking terms: 和睦相处; 和好如初
    barely on speaking terms: 与...关系不和
    She's not been on speaking terms with her uncle for years.
The father is a nagging crank who expects his two adult sons to bankroll his lavish tastes.
nagging: adj.唠叨的; 挑剔的; 使人不得安宁的
crank: n.(脾气暴躁的)怪人   cranky: adj.
lavish: adj.奢华的; 浪费的; 丰富的
bankroll: vt.资助; 为...提供资金 to support sb./sth. by giving money
    The company has bankrolled a couple of movies.
This leads to constant bickering between the brothers, neither of whom wants to be called unfilial.
bickering: n.争吵
    bicker: v.口角; 争吵
    The council finally elected a leader after several days of bickering.
    I wish they would stop their constant bickering.
The daughter holds a grudge against her father and especially her late mother, for having mistreated her while pampering her brothers.
hold a grudge against: 对...怀有积怨; 怀恨在心
    grudge: n.积怨; 怨恨
late: 已故的
pamper: v.娇惯; 纵容    (antonym: mistreat)
    Pamper 帮宝适
    She pampers her dog with the finest steak and salmon.
mistreat: vt.虐待
critique: a detailed explanation of the problems 评论; 阐释
    But the biggest reaction has been to the drama's critique of filial piety.
filial: adj.子女的  connected with the way children behave towards their parents
    filial duty / filial affection
piety: n.虔诚, 忠诚 the state of having or showing a deep respect for sb. or sth.
    filial piety 孝道
    Filial piety is one of the virtues to be held above all else. 百善孝为先
hallowed: adj. 神圣的，神圣化的
    Even today, the Confucian principle of unswerving loyalty to one's parents remains hallowed.
unswerving: adj.(信任或信仰)坚定的; 始终如一的  (synonym: firm)
    unswerving devotion
    His tenacious spirit and unswerving loyalty came in for praise.
adhere to sth.: 坚持某种信条或准则  adherence n.
    adhere to filial piety
tantrum: n.(小孩子)发脾气 an uncontrolled burst of anger or frustration taken place in a young child
    throw tantrum 发脾气
grudgingly: adv.勉强地; 不情愿地
    The son grudging does so.
    grudging adj.勉强给予或者允许的     a grudging apology
    The eldest son was grudging about buying a three-bedroom apartment for his father.
take to doing sth.: 开始养成做某事的习惯
    Commentators on social media have taken to calling the father a juying ("giant baby").
resentment: n.愤恨; 怨恨
    his resentment at being fired
    Some people harbour resentments going back many years.
    She could not conceal the deep resentment she felt at the way she had been treated.
    The Su children do their duty, but the audience is supposed to applaud the resentment they express.
