2019-03-01
Chinese firm behind the "Amazon Coat" hits jackpot in U.S.
jackpot: n.(在碰运气游戏中的)头奖，最高奖
    hit the jackpot
    He hits the jackpot with his new invention.
apparel: n.服装 (synonym: clothing)
    women's and children's apparel
    Last year Bangladesh was the second-largest global apparel exporter after China.
carve out: to create or obtain something that helps you by skillful activities
    靠努力开创出;努力赢得;某得(职位)
    Our company carved out a large chunk of the market within a year.
    His main goal was to carve out more time to spend with his wife and newborn child.
sth. enter sb. mind:
    Dreadful consequences began to enter my mind.
    It never entered his mind that his Orolay puffer jacket would become a hugh hit.
puffer jacket: 羽绒夹克     a read, leathy puffer jacket
    puff: v.喷出;张开;使膨胀
    puffer: a person or thing that puffs
It was celebrated as the 'Amazon Coat' in U.S. social and traditional media - and held up as a budding rival to premium brand Canada Goose.
be celebrated as / be held up: 被誉为,被推崇为,被称作
a budding rival to...: 新晋竞争对手
budding: 初露头角的
    While still at school Daniel was a budding genius.
    To Stone, he looked like a budding master of the universe.
rival: n. 竞争对手
            Her agenda is more detailed than that of most of her rivals.
       v. to be as good or impressive as sth./sb. else
            No computer can rival a human brain in complexity.
premium: 优质的,高级的  premium products
duck down: 鸭绒 (down: n.软毛,绒毛)     duck down pillow
polyester: n. 聚酯(纤维);涤纶
by contrast 相比之下    in contrast 相反
Orolay's success is, however, not just a tale of competitive pricing and a design that fond favor with U.S. consumers.
find favor with: 受到某人的青睐
vendor: someone who is selling something    n.卖主,卖方
    overseas vendors
    The estate agent is working for the vendor.
pick up: 获得,增加  (synonym: increase)
The number of Chinese merchants selling on Amazon's U.S. site began to pick up over the last five years
after it introduced measures that allowd sellers worldwide to store products at Amazon warehouses and 
provided help shipping those goods to customers.
branch out: to start to do an activity that you have not done before, especially in your work or business
    涉足(新工作);扩展(新业务)
    I'm leaving the company to branch out on my own.
    I continued studying months, and branched out to other insects.
credit: credit sb./sth. for/with sth.   把...归功于...
    Chiu credits Amazon for much of the firm's success but is thinking of branching out.
    The 'Green Book' director credits Viggo Mortensen for winning Best Picture Oscar.
marvel: v.感到惊奇,大为赞叹 (synonym: wonder)   marvel at sth.
    Chiu is still marveling at how his business has become so successful in a market he barely knows.