2019-05-28
A majority of Americans want abortion to be legal in the first two trimesters (2019.5.28)
trimester: n.(妊娠中的)三月期; (一学期三学期制的)一学期     a three-month period
    tri- 三/三个    triple adj.三倍的
If the Alabama legislature gets its way, abortion will soon become illgal there.
legislature: n.立法机构
    the national legislature
    If the laws cannot protect its citizens, it is the legislature that fails to do its job.
get one's way: 如愿以偿[暗含一些贬义]
    same as: get one's own way; have one's own way
A doctor convicted of performing an abortion could be sentenced to up to 99 years in prison.
convict of: 宣判有罪
sentence to: 判处...罪行
    sentence v.宣判
    be sentenced to death
With no exemptions in cases of rape or incest, this would be the most restrictive such law in the country.
exemption: n.免除; 豁免     exempt v.
    exemption from military service
    Students with a qualification in chemistry have exemption from this course.
rape: n.强奸 v.
    He was convicted of rape.
incest: n.乱伦
"heartbeat" law: 心跳法案
In the abortion argument, both sides long ago drove each other to extremes. 
pro-life: adj.反对堕胎的
    pro- 赞成...的; 支持...的
fundamentalist: adj.原教旨主义的
    fundamentalism n.原教旨主义
fertilised: adj.受精的  fertilise v.
A is no difference from B: A与B没有什么不同
    fertilised egg is no difference from a person.
morning-after pill: 女用口服避孕药
pro-choice: adj.支持堕胎的
gridlock: 使陷入僵局 n.
    grid n.网格     lock 锁住
    With debate gridlocked, the focus is on the courts.
    Congress is in gridlock.
    Disagreements about funding have caused a gridlock in the charity.
The latest abortion bills are getting a challenge to Roe to the Supreme Court where, 
campaigners hope, they can smoke out the new conservative majority.
get a challenge to sth./sb.: 向...提出质询/质疑
smoke sb. out: 用烟把人或动物熏出来; 使...公之于众
    The newspaper smoked out the government's illegal use of torture.
    It took the police only a few weeks to smoke out the real crinimal.
Were Alabama's law to come into force, the price would be paid by women too poor or browbeaten to travel to where abortions are legal.
come into force: 生效
browbeat: v.吓唬; 恐吓
    to browbeat sb. into doing sth.
    They were browbeaten into accepting the offer.
    As a salesman I never browbeat or force anyone to buy anything.