2019-03-16
Feel better now? The rise and rise(一直兴起，不断繁荣) of the anxiety economy.
    The rise and fall(兴衰) of British Empire.
launch: v.发射;上市;推出    to launch a missile
If the 80s were the age of stress, this is the age of anxiety, with 30% of Britons experiencing an anxiety disorder during their lifetime.
stress: 通常有明确的诱发原因
anxiety: 没有明确的诱发原因，通常是对未来可能发生的事情的担忧
disorder: n.(身体)失调; 疾病; 异常
    mental/eating disorder
domestic: adj.家用的;国内的
    domestic service / domestic flight
Consider the squishy. That repeated action led to fidget spinners(指尖陀螺) becoming one of the most popular items boughts on Amazon in 2017.
squishy: n.捏捏乐
    squash: v. to press sth. so that it becomes soft, damaged or flat, or changes shape
            n. 果汁     a glass of orange squash
fidget: n.(由于坐立不安而出现的)小动作
spinner: n.旋转器
They were not simply triangles of plastic; they were a stress-relief toy. They were the stars of a growing anxiety economy.
Alongside products designed purely as medical aids(医疗辅助工具), such as meditation apps, there is a thriving offshoot of lifestyle goods marketed through their anxiety-relieving qualities.
Alongside A, there is B.
meditation: n.冥想
    Have you ever gone on a meditation retreat?
thriving: adj.茁壮成长的，兴旺发达的    a thriving industry
offshoot: n.分支，衍生品;分支机构    shoot: n.幼芽
    Northern Soul was an up-tempo offshoot of black American soul music.
orient: v.针对，围绕；以...为目标
    be oriented around sth./sb.
    This course is oriented towards the needs of businessmen.
Product innovation oriented around anxiety spans nearly 30 different categories.
span: v.跨越，横跨
    His interests span almost all the disciplines.
commodify: v.商业化     commodity n.
    Is anxiety itself being commodified?
saturated: adj.饱和的，湿透的，浸透的   complete wet    (synonym: soak)
    I'm absolutely saturated / soaked.
trade on sth.: (为谋私利)利用
    They trade on people's insecurity to sell them insurance.
    He trades on his good looks.
Some companies trade on fake news to promote a whole range of products that are meant to help with mental health problems
but without any evidence base to them.
a whole range of sth.: 一系列的
be meant to do: 理应要...
fake: adj.假的，伪造的 n.赝品，假货
    The painting is a fake.
Given that we are dealing with a vulnerable population(人的特殊群体或类型), it is questionable how ethical producing these tools without evidence base and systematic review of efficacy is.
It is questionable whether...:
    It is questionable whether the goal can be achieved.
vulnerable: adj.易受伤的，脆弱的
    He is very sensitive and rather vulnerable.
    Generally, children are eligible for their first measles shot when they are 12 months old,
    meaning babies especially vulnerable to contracting the disease.
ethical: adj.道德的，伦理的
    ethical standard 道德标准
    ethical appeal   伦理诉求
efficacy: n.疗效；功效
    the efficacy of the treatment
