2019-04-03
Apple's 'show time' event puts the spotlight on subscription services
put the spotlight on sth.: 聚焦在某事上
spotlight: n.聚光灯
    Mr.Jackson lived a majority of his life in the spotlight.
subscription service: 订阅服务
    subscribe v.    subscription n.
commonplace: adj.普遍的，常见的 n.
    Apple's business has centered around the iPhone, but sales of that once-revolutionary but now commonplace device have slowed.
flip on one's head: 颠覆
    flip: v.快速翻转, 迅速翻动
    The entire world of computers has been flipped on its head.
    flip a coin
diversify: v.多样化; (通常指公司)多元化经营
    The company is planning to diversify into other mining activities.
    Apply has been diversifying beyond hardware, selling iCloud storage to its customers.
    In an effort to diversify their bodies, universities are recruiting students of different racial and ecomonic backgrounds.
hardware: n.硬件    ware: n.制品
    software: n.软件
anticipated: adj.让人期盼的; 备受瞩目的
    anticipate: v.期盼，盼望
    Monday's anticipated announcement takes that diversification to a whole new level.
a raft of: 大量的   a large number of...
    raft: n.木筏; 大量
    a raft of data
    Apple said it was launching a raft of new services, from news to video games and a credit card.
    We have designed a raft of measures to improve the transport system.
    The government announced a raft of initiatives.
initiative: n.倡议，新措施  a new plan to achieve sth. or solve a problem
    a government initiative to combat unemployment
    It's biggest initiative is entertainment streaming service Apple TV+.
compete in a crowded market
The real magic in consumer technology is happening less and less inside the devices people carry around and more and more
in server farms scattered around the world.
magic: 魅力     the magic of the city
server farm: 服务器农场     same as: server cluster
scattered: adj.分散的
    Books were scattered around the room.
    scattered showers 零星小雨; 零星阵雨
    scatter: v.
    The airline anticipated scattered delays and said travellers should check its website for the updates on specific flights.
transmit: v.传送; 传输(信号)
    to transmit data/information
    Faxing will remain important until transmitting digital data becomes easier and more accepted.
gadget: n.小器具; 小装置
    Massive amounts of data get processed and then transmitted to gadgets like the Amazon Echo or Google Home.
In essence, the gadgets people are excited about buying are becoming vessels for sending and receiving data.
in essence: 本质上，实质上
vessel: n.容器; 血管
    a drinking vessel / blood vessel
And in that data, Apple has fallen behind companies like Google, Amazon and Microsoft, which now pull in significant revenue
from selling cloud services, which is a fancy term for data center usage and storage.
pull in: 挣(钱) to earn a particular amount of money    (synonym: earn, make)
    She's pulling in at least a million dollars.
fancy: adj.洋气的; 花哨的; 豪华的
invitee: n.受到邀请的人
    an invitee to the White House
    The invite Apple sent to invitees said simply, "It's show time."
break a leg: 祝对方好运(尤指在上台演出之前) used for wishing sb. good luck, especially before a performance
    The question now is whether Apple can break a leg.