2019-04-27
'Avengers: Endgame' a fitting send-off for Marvel's superheroes
endgame: n.最后阶段, 结束阶段
    The political endgame is getting closer.
send-off: n.为某人送别，送行而举办的欢送会
    an occasion when people come together to say goodbye to sb. who is leaving
    My friends gave me a send-off I will never forget!
If there's a single phrase that sums up the guiding principle of the Marvel Cinematic Universe, it's this: Hold that thought.
sum-up: 总结，概括  synonym: wrap up [口]
    To sum up, this paper is ... 
    The wrap up, this paper is ...
interdependent: adj.互相关联的, 互相依存的
    inter- 在...之间    dependent 依赖
    We live in an increasingly interdependent world.
hold that thought: 记住...(以便之后可能会派上用场)  used for telling sb. to remember an idea or thought 
    that has just been mentioned, especially because it will be useful later
Marvel Cinematic Universe: MCU 漫威电影宇宙
To be sure, as the MCU has evolved, growing into an epic that can be, at times, confusing, a through line has coalesced
around a group of inanimate objects: six powerful Infinity Stones whose scattered locations have shifted from planet to planet
and from person to person, like a cosmic shell game, as the movies came and went.
epic: n.史诗; (史诗般的)电影或书籍
coalesce: v.联合, 合并
    The two factions coalesced in order to fight a common enemy.
inanimate: adj.无生命的; 无生气的
scattered: adj.分散的; 散布的
    Books were scattered around her room.
cosmic: adj.宇宙的; 巨大无比的
    cosmic law 宇宙规律; cosmic order 宇宙秩序
It's helpful, before going to see "Endgame", to cast your mind back to the contradictory feelings of that final scene.
cast your mind back: to make yourself think about sth. that happened in the past
contradictory: adj.对立的; 相互矛盾的
    contradiction n.
do-over: n.(在尝试失败之后的)新的尝试或新的机会
    He requested a do-over.
    implement a do-over
The new movie feels at once sad and deeply satisfying, complicated and surprising comic.
at once: 同时 at the same time
comic: adj.喜剧的; 滑稽的; 有趣的   funny
In a sense, "Endgame" is an example of the MCU cannibalizing itself. And it does so here in a fresh way that is closer to homage than lazy appropriation.
cannibalize: v.(商业)竞争, 蚕食
    cannibal n.食同类者     cannibalize each other
    cannibalize oneself 自我迭代
homage: n.崇敬, 敬意
    pay homage to sb./sth. 向...表达敬意
    pay homage to them for their achievements.
appropriation: n.挪用, 盗用
    appropriate: v.挪用, 拨出 adj.适当的; 恰当的
        appropriate funds
stake: n.赌注; 风险
    They are playing cards for high stakes.
    High as the stakes are in "Endgame", it is also a very funny movie.
have to do with: 和...有关
    The humor of the story has to do with surprising ways in which the lives of certain characters have changed.
saga: n.萨迦; 长篇故事; 系列
    After 11 long years, the Infinity Saga in finally, fulfillingly over.
post-credit: adj.片尾的
    post- ...之后的     post-war
    credit: n.电影、电视或广播节目的演职员名单
    There is no post-credit scene. 没有彩蛋
But oh, what a going-away party these old friends have thrown for themselves.