2019-03-18
Can baijiu, China's sorghum firewater, go global?
sorghum: n.高粱
firewater / spirit: n.烈酒 a strong alcoholic drink
    Diageo, a British drinks firm, said it was in discussions to buy a stake in United Spirits, which sells whisky and other firewaters.
Baijiu - a broad family(一类东西) of grain-based spirits selling for anything between a few dollars and a few thousand dollars per bottle -
is the most-drunk spirit on earth. But this is only by dint of its popularity in China. 
...-based: 以...为主要成分  a cream-based sauce
by dint of sth./doing: 凭借，通过  by means of
    He succeeded by dint of hard work / working hard.
Over the years Europeans and Americans have grown to love vodka(伏特加), a once-obscure Russia gut-rot, and tequila(龙舌兰酒), 
a Mexican drink made from spiky plants. But Chinese liquor firms have made few inroads globally.
grow to do: gradually start to do sth.  逐渐开始做某事
obscure: adj.1.难以理解的，晦涩的；2.默默无闻的，鲜为人知的
    For some obscure reason, the somg became very popular.
    Jude the Obscure 《无名的裘德》
    once-obscure: 曾经名不见经传、不起眼的
    But I like finding more obscure galleries, too.
gut-rot / rotgut: n.廉价劣质酒；伤胃酒 strong cheap low-quality alcohol
    gut: n.肠道，消化道     rot: v.腐烂
spiky: adj.有尖刺的     spike: n.尖刺
liquor: n.酒，含酒精饮料；烈酒
make inroads: 取得进展，产生效果；开拓市场  to start to have a direct and noticeable effect
    Xiaomi has made significant inroads in Indian mobile market.
    George was unable to make inroads into solving the problem.
    We are making inroads into the high-priority project.
distiller: n.烈酒生产者，烈酒生产商     distill: v.蒸馏
    The distillers have mostly been preoccupied with meeting domestic demand.
    Bulleit, a whiskey distiller, is a family company.
be preoccupied with sth./doing: 全神贯注，忙于... be busy with sth.
step up: 增加强度   increase
    step up one's pace 加快步伐
    step up the pressure on sth. 增加压力
    Only recently have China's thousands of baijiu-makers begun stepping up efforts to develop foreign markets.
In 2016 Red Star, the maker of Erguotou, a cheap baijiu ubiquitous in Beijing, launched a spirit in Europe called Nuwa.
ubiquitous: adj.普遍存在的，似乎无处不在的
    ubiquitous Wi-Fi signals
    Plastics are ubiquitous even in the deep ocean.
    He is as recognizable and as ubiquitous as the celebrities he photographs.
storied: celebrated or famous in history or story   隐含着出名是需要一定时间沉淀的，而不是一夜成名或一时风尚
    Luzhou Laojiao, a storied distiller in Sichuan, released a baijiu in American named Ming River.
release / launch: 发行
Making their brands look and feel international to Chinese drinkers will help them hold their own against these fashinable foreign tipples.
hold one's own: 与...同样成功，相匹敌   to be successful as other people or things in a situation
    hold one's own against ...
tipple: n.常和的酒  an alcohol drink that you drink regularly
    James Bond's favorite tipple is dry martini.
