2019-04-13
Scientists close to first sighting of black hole in the Milky Way
sight: v.看到; 发现 to suddenly see sth., especially sth. you have been looking for
    After days at sea, he finally sighted land.
the Milky Way: 银河(系)
    milky skin 嫩白的肌肤
    galaxy 星系     the Milky Way galaxy: the galaxy that includes the earth
Astronomers attempting to capture the first images of the black hole at the heart(中心) of the Milky Way have given 
early hints that the ambitious project has been successful.
astronomer: n.天文学家
    astro- 星星     nomy 学科
    astronomy   astronaut
    The only thing astronomers agree on is that these signals probably are not extraerrestrials saying hello.
hint: n.暗示; 提示
    Come on, give me a hint!
The observations, by the Event Horizon Telescope, are expected to be unveiled in the spring in one of the most eagerly
awaited scientific announcements of 2019.
observation: n.     observe v.仔细观察(以便学习/收集信息)
await: vt.等候, 等待; 期待
event horizon: 事件视界
telescope: n.望远镜
    tele- 遥远的    telegraph; television
    Galileo was one of the first to use a telescope to map the cosmos.
spectacular: adj.壮观的; 巨大的; 惊人的
    a spectacular view
    During his travels, he met new friends and watched many spectacular sunrises and sunsets.
Sagittarius: n.人马座，射手座
    Sgr A* = Sagittarius A*
supermassive: adj.特大质量的, 超大质量的
    a supermassive black hole (SMBH)
Virgo cluster (of galaxies) 室女座星系团
    Virgo n.处女座  cluster n.丛; 群
    a cluster fans
extraordinarily: adv.极其; 特别地
    extraordinary adj.
    It's an extraordinarily ambitious project.
There is little doubt of sth.: ...是毫无疑问的/是事实
    There is little doubt about the existence of black holes.
The main barrier is that the black holes are so compact that a telescope roughly the size of Earth would be required to see even the nearest one.
compact: adj.紧凑的
    compact soil
    a compact kitchen
B the size of A: 像A一样大的B
    a whale the size of an airplane
get around: 应对; 逃避  to find a way of dealing with a problem or of avoiding it
    The EHT gets around this by linking together 15-20 telescopes.
    There are ways of getting around the rules.
    There's no way of getting aound this problem - you're going to have to tell her the truth.
It uses a technique known as interferometry, in which astronomers on different continents simultaneously 
observe the same object, then combine the collected data on a supercomputer.
interferometry: n.干涉测量术
    interference n.干涉; 冲突; 干扰
simultaneously: adv.同时地
    simultaneous adj.
        simultaneous translation
dramatic: 剧烈的; 壮观的
jet: n.(水、气等的)喷射流，喷流 a thin stream of sth., such as water or gas, that is forced out of a small hole
    a jet of water
    Dramatic jets of material are thrown out from some blackholes.
It is possible that they are too feeble to have been spotted previously - and the EHT could resolve this question.
feeble: adj.虚弱的; 微弱的
    a feeble old man / a feeble light
spot: v.(仔细地)看; 注意到
    If you spot any mistakes in the article, just tell us.
continent: n.洲; 大陆
    France was carrying out checks on trade between Ireland and the continent.