2019-03-20
Boeing crash isolates FAA as China leads push against Max
crash: n./v.撞毁，坠毁  car/plane crash
    The plane crashed into a mountainside.
    In October, a Lion Air jet crashed in Indonesia, killing 189 people.
isolate: v.孤立(人、国家、组织)；隔离
FAA: the Federal Aviation Administration 美国联邦航空管理局 (美国空管局)
    aviation n.航空(业)     aviator n.飞行员    avi- 鸟
push: n.推动，推动力    push against: 反对，抵制
Three days after an Ethiopian Airlines jet crashed, killing all 157 people on board, country after country ignored assessments
by the U.S. FAA that the plane is safe to fly. Canada agreed it was too early to act but many fell into line in growing numbers
behind the first major nation to ground its 737 Max fleet - China.
assessment: n.评估  assess v.
    It would be hard to argue with that assessment.
fall into line with...: 保持一致
    fall into line with the new rules
    Teachers are expected to fall into line with the new regulations.
    You will never get anywhere in this business if you don't fall into line with your boss' expectation.
ground: v.禁止...飞行; 使停飞; 禁足
    If aircraft are grounded, they are prevented from flying or ordered not to fly.
    Her mom grounded her.
fleet: n.机队，车队 a number of buses, aircraft, etc. under the control of one person or organization
    a fleet of taxis
In doing so, long-time American allies including the U.K. and Australia broke convention by snubbing an authority that
has defined what's airworthy - and what's not - for decades.
ally: n.盟友;同盟国     the Allies
snub: to insult sb., especially by ignoring them when you meet    v.冷落，怠慢
    You should never snub a colleague trying to strike up a conversation.
airworthy: adj.(飞机)飞机性能良好的，适航的   be in safe working condition and safe to fly
One day after the Ethiopian Airlines flight plunged to the ground, CAAC drew a possible connection between the crash and Lion Air's in October.
plunge into(to): to move or fall suddenly and often a long way forward, down, or into sth.
    We ran down to the beach and plunged into the sea.
    Once, while working, the knife slipped and plunged into his hand.
CAAC: the Civil Aviation Administration of China 中国民用航空局(民航局)
draw: v.做对比, 作区分; 下结论  to consider the facts of a situaion and make a decision about what is true
    draw a comparison / distinction / connection / conclusion
Separately, Ethiopian wanted to send the flight-data and cockpit-voice recorders to the U.K., causing U.S. investigators to
hold intense behind-the-scenes talks to bring the parts to American.
cockpit: n.(飞机的)驾驶舱的
separately: besides 另外
a flight recorder (black box) = flight-data recorder + cockpit-voice recorder 黑匣子
behind the scenes: 不公开地，幕后地
    A lot of hard work has been going on behind the scenes.
To be sure(毋庸置疑), Chinese aviation regulators do tend to be conservative. They banned the use of cellphones on aircraft until 2018,
years after regulators in developed countries gave them the green light.
conservative <-> liberal
    Older people tend to be more conservative and a bit suspicious of anything new.
give the green light: 准许，允许
    The government has decided to give the green light to the plan.
gain influence: 扩大影响力
    China is gaining influence.
    influencer: n.在社交网络上有影响力的人  sb. who effects or changes the way that other people behave, for example through their use of social media
China is on its way to attaining the level of authority enjoyed by the FAA and the European Union Aviation Safety Agency, giving the country global
recognition for its ability to determine when an aircraft is safe to fly.
be on the way to doing sth.: 接近完成某事   be close to doing sth.
    I'm well on the way to completing the report.
recognition: n.承认，认可; 接受
    This new country is seeking diplomatic recognition from the international community.