2019-03-30
How 'Bohemian Rhapsody' ended up in 'Wayne's World' and became a phenomenon again
rhapsody: n.狂想曲
    Bohemian Rhapsody 波西米亚狂想曲
    Croatian Rhapsody 克罗地亚狂想曲
Bohemian: adj.波希米亚的; 放荡不羁的; 不拘泥于传统的
end up: 结束，最终到达  to finally be in a particular place or situation
    He started off running errands but ended up on the big screen.
phenomenon: 现象级
"Bohemian Rhapsody" was such an unlikely song(令人意想不到的歌) that became an even more unlikely hit.
unlikely: not likely to happen or be done
    unlikely couple 不太般配/意想不到的情侣
    unlikely hit 不太可能会成功的事情
The Queen biopic of the same name, now in theaters, depicts the original story of how the rock-operatic single came to be,
with a cameo from none other than Mike Myers.
biopic: n.传记片    a biographical movie
    bio- 与生命有关的   biography 人物传记
depict: v.描述, 描绘
    The surveys depicts four different catergories of citizens.
single: n.单曲(常指流行音乐); 主打歌
rock-operatic: adj.摇滚和歌剧融合在一起的
    operatic adj.歌剧的     rock n.摇滚
cameo: n.(电影或戏剧中名演员的)客串 a small but noticeable part in a film or play, performed by a famous actor
    a cameo from/by (a certain actor)
    He appears briefly towards the end of the film in a cameo role as a priest.
non other than / on one other than: 不是别的人，正是某个人
    The tall gentleman there is none other than our manager.
Freddie Mercury threatens to walk out on the label if the record executive refuses to release "Bohemian Rhapsody" 
as the first single off(=from) its album "A Night at the Opera".
walk out on: 抛弃，离开(某人，某事)
label: n.标签; 唱片公司
make sense: 清楚的，容易理解的，合乎情理的
    Including Myers makes sense.
    It makes sense to have a good rest before starting to work.
    So far it all make sense.
    It does not make sense.
It reached only the No.9 position on Billboard's Hot 100 when it first came out. That is, until Myer's "Wayne's World".
Billboard's Hot 100: 公告牌百强单曲榜
feature: v.以某事为特色，重点包括某事 to include sb. or sth. as an important part
That is,...: 确切地说, that's to say
The movie, released in February 1992, featured "Bohemian Rhapsody" in what's become one of comedy's most iconic scenes.
iconic: adj.受欢迎的, 有代表性的    very famous or popular
    icon: 偶像; 标志
    John Lennon gained iconic status following his death.
comedy: 没有冠词，表示泛指，泛指所有喜剧电影
    The Amazon rainforest in one of the nature's amazing sights.
The film [based on the Myers-created "Saturday Night Live" sketch] opens with Wayne, the rock-obsessed host of
a public access show, getting picked up in a 1970s beat-up AMC Pacer.
sketch: n.草图, 素描; 滑稽短剧
public access show: 全明秀
rock-obsessed: adj.酷爱摇滚乐的
    obsessed adj.着迷的 unable to stop thinking about sth.
beat-up: adj.破旧的, 破损的 old and damaged
    I have a beat-up old car.
AMC: American Motors Corporation 美国汽车公司
call: n.决定
    Good call = good decision
    It's your call.
    Your call.
In goes the cassette, and the song begins at its midway point. They sing along, each taking their own "Galileo" parts,
and when the break comes, they headbang like crazy.
headbang: v.摇头，猛力甩头      bang: v.敲击; 打
surpass: v.超过
shoot: 一跃到了...
    It shot to No.2 on the Billboard Hot 100, surpassing its original high point.
break: n.(器乐演奏)短段; 间奏