2019-04-20
The EU gives Theresa May another six months
Mrs May had asked European leaders to put back the Article 50 Brexit deadline - originally March 29th,
later extended to April 13th - until the end of June.
Like many in Westminster, European leaders are sceptical that the recently begun talks between Mrs May
and the Labour opposition leadr, Jeremy Corbyn, will yield an agreement.
sceptical: adj.怀疑的   doubting that something is true or useful
    sceptical about...
        Many experts remain sceptical about gene editing.
indicative vote: 象征性投票
    indicative adj.表明某事的   showing or suggesting sth.
    indicate v.指示; 标示
    His failure to act is indicative of his lack of interest.
MP: n.下议院(或众议院)议员  Member of Parliament
    Conservative MPs    Labour MPs
Yet despite these doubts, European leaders felt it was better to kick the can down the road for another
six months than have a full-blown crisis now.
kick the can down the road: 推迟处理(某事)  to delay dealing with a problem
    I don't think we should kick the can down the road and leave it to the next generation.
full-blown: adj.充分发展的; 完全形成的
    The outbreak has the potential to become a full-blown pandemic.
Her vulnerability and her lost authority are obvious to all - as is the plotting among Conservative
MPs over(above/regarding) the succession.
vulnerability: n.易遭攻击; 脆弱     vulnerable adj.
    expose sb.'s vulnerability
    be vulnerable to sth.
        Children are vulnerable to the flu.
authority: 威信; 权威
    authority over...
        He has no authority over his students.
plot: v.密谋; 策划 n.阴谋 to make a secret plan to do sth. wrong, harmful, or illegal
    They are plotting to take over the company.
    The plot was discovered before it was carried out.
succession: n.继任, 接任; 继承
    the first in succession to the legacy
make: v.成为; 变成      become
    This watch would make a great birthday present.
    Her own ministers have begun to talk openly about who might make the best candidate.
The Tories are likely to do badly in local elections on May 2nd and worse still in the European ones on May 23th,
which will only increase the pressure on the prime minister to quit.
Tory: n.英国保守党党员
The biggest fear of all in Brussels is that even in October Britain will still be unable to
make its mind up. And as Donald Tusk, the European Council president, conceded after the meeting,
that could mean more late-night summits to discuss further Article 50 extensions.
make one's mind up: 下定觉醒, 打定主意      synonym: make up one's mind
    He simply can't make his mind up. / He simply can't make up his mind.
concede: v.(常指不情愿地)承认   to admit, often unwillingly, that sth. is true
    concede sth. / concede that...
        He finally conceded that his parents were right.