2019-04-15
No word of a lie: scientists rate the world's biggest peddlers of bull
no word of a lie: 实话实说, 一点不假
    I'll be at the party tomorrow, no word of a lie.
扯淡: bullshit (bullshitter 扯淡的人); nonsense; bollocks [英]
In new research, scientists claim to have identified the most common practitioners of the ignoble art - bullshit.
peddlers: n.小贩 v.兜售, 叫卖
bull n.胡说, 废话 (比bullshit稍委婉)
    Much of what he says is sheer bull.
practitioner: n.(尤指艺术、医药的)专门人才
    dental practitioners 牙医
ignoble: adj.卑劣的, 不光彩的  <-> noble
art: n.技术, 技巧
    the art of conversation
Their study of 40,000 teenagers reveals that boys; those from privileged backgrounds; 
and North Americans in particular，top the charts as the worst offenders.
; 1.更加明确地列举 2."or" 类别与类别间不冲突
top the chart: 跃升榜首
    chart 每周流行唱片排行榜
offender: n.(正式)犯罪分子
OECD: Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development 经济合作与发展组织
polygon: n.多边形
vector: n.矢量, 向量
quadratic function: 二次函数
    quadratic adj.二次的, 平方的
        quadratic equation 二次方程
congruent figure: 全等图形
    congruent adj.全等的; 一致的; 符合的
        congruent triangles
        The rules must be congruent with the requirements of the law
bona fide: adj.真实的   genuine, real
    Hidden among the bona fide terms are three fakes.
    Only the bona fide fans of The Avengers can use the logo.
scaling: n.缩放
Jerrim took the students' responses to the three fake concepts to draw up a "bullshit scale"(等级; 量表),
which he then used to compare different groups, such as boys and girls, high and low socioeconomic 
status, and the regions where people lived.
draw up: 拟定   to make or write sth. that needs carefully thought or planning
    to draw up a contract
socioeconomic: adj.社会经济的
    socio- 与社会有关的; 社会和...
Those who ranked highest on the scale tended to see themselves as more self-confident, more persevering,
and more popular at school, than those further down the scale.
persevering: adj.坚持不懈的 showing determination to achieve a particular aim despite difficulites
    a persevering person
inclusion: n.包括, 包含; 不排斥任何群体, 包容   include v.
    People are social animals and we desire feelings of connection, belonging, and inclusion.
    The school has a strong culture of inclusion of students with special needs.
"I truly believe it is critical to better understand bullshitting behavior before we can more 
competently detect and dispose of bullshit," he added.
competently: adv.胜任地; 有能力地
dispose of: 解决 1.to deal with a problem, question or threat successfully 2.to defeat sb.
    to dispose of waste
    to dispose of his opponent