2019-04-12
Burnout: a modern malaise
Burnout is a term easily tossed around(滥用), the way somebody might claim to be starving 
when they're simply hungry, or freezing when cold.
burnout: n.精疲力竭; 倦怠
    the state of being extremely tired or ill, either physically or mentally, because you have worked too hard
    burn out: (火)熄灭; 东西烧坏
    Long work hours have led to burnout and frustration.
malaise: n.身体不适; 无法描述的问题 1.a general feeling of being ill or having no energy
                                2. a discomfort that is difficult to explain or identify
    This is an economic malaise. 经济萎靡不振
    We were discussing the roots of the current economic malaise.
toss around: 抛出, 提出(建议，想法或说法)
    If you toss ideas, suggestions, or phrases around, you mention them and discuss them with other people.
    toss v.(轻轻或漫不经心地)扔，抛 to throw something lightly or carelessly
        He glanced at the letter and then tossed it into the bin.
But somebody who is actually burned out should be prepared to take serious action because it's a condition that needs attention.
take serious action: 认真采取行动
The big three symptoms are emotional exhausiton, cynicism and feeling ineffective, according to the Maslach Burnout Inventory (MBI).
exhaustion: n.精疲力竭; 疲惫不堪    the state of being extremely tired
    As they approached the end of the marathon, the runners looked near exhaustion.
    exhausted / exhausting
    I've had an exhausting day. / I'm exhausted after a busy day.
cynicism: n.愤世嫉俗; 玩世不恭
    cynic n. a person who believes that people are only interested in themselves and are not sincere
    -ism: ...主义, 学说
Other symptoms can include frequent colds or sicknesses, insomnia and a tendency to alleviate stress in unhealthy ways.
alleviate: v.减轻; 缓和, 缓解   to make something less severe
    A number of measures were taken to alleviate the problem.
pinpoint: v.准确指出; 确定
    pin n.大头针    point v.指向，瞄准
    It is difficult to pinpoint the source of its inspiration.
    Emergency workers at the site are still unable to pinpoint the cause of the explosion.
    Part of the difficulty of pinpointing true burnout may be because burnout is a nonmedical term.
Other countries including France, Denmark and Sweden, do recognize burnout syndrome and consider it to be a legitimate reason to take a sick day from work.
legitimate: adj.合理的; 正当的  synonym: valid; reasonable; fair
    Her resentment is quite legitimate.
    He claimed that the restaurant bill was a legitimate business expense.
mitigate: v.使缓和; 减轻(危害等)
    mitigate the storm's impact
    There are practical tools to mitigate burnout.
    mitigate: 更侧重减轻某事的强度或者力度
    alleviate: 缓解某事，使它更容易承受
        alleviate the stress
        The drugs did nothing to alleviate her pain.
positive social connection (the real kind, not the Facebook kind)
fancy: adj.复杂的，高级的
    There's nothing fancy about sth. ...没什么了不起的
    turn sth. around: 使...好转; 有起色
        There's nothing fancy about what it would take to turn things around.
mind-set: n.观念; 思想模式
    a person's way of thinking
    a conservative mindset
"But it's a huge shift in the cultural mind-set. That's the challenge."