2019-04-05
Many strange new creatures are discovered in China
catastrophic: adj.灾难性的; 引起重大灾难的  catastrophe n.灾难
    a catastrophic earthquake
    the company's catastrophic losses
    California's 2018 wildfire season was the most catastrophic in state history.
    For soft-bodies animals to be preserved, something catastrophic must take place.
In the case of the world's two most famous Cambrian sites, the Burgess Shale accumulation in Canada and the Chengjiang site in China, 
this catastrophe was a series of storms that dumped vast quantites of mud upon a community of animals, burying them alive.
Cambrian: adj.寒武纪的; 与寒武纪有关的  the Cambrian Period
    the Cambrian Explosion
shale: n.页岩
dump: v.倾倒; 丢弃
    dump A upon/into B
    Some factories dump toxic chemicals into the sea.
    They dumped tons of salt on icy road surfaces.
However, that is where the similarities end. 但是，相似的地方仅此而已。
yield: to produce or provide sth. 出产，产生
    Qingjiang has yielded(出土) over 20,000 specimens thus far.
thus far = so far
specimen: n.标本; 样本  an individual animal, plant, etc. used as an example of its species or type for scientific study or display
    species: 动植物的物种
    specimen: 某物种的一个样本，用来做科研或展览
    He has a collection of rare insect specimens.
properly: adv.[英]完全地; 充分地    completely or fully
    My computer is not working properly(adv.正确地，令人满意的)
    The case wasn't properly investigated.
cnidarian: n.刺细胞动物
Cnidarians exist  widely in modern oceans and have simplistic bodies that suggest they evolved early during the rise of animal life.
simplistic: adj.过分简单的
It was expected that when the Burgess Shale and Chenjiang sites were first excavated that cnidarians would be
common in the sedimentary layers, but precisely(精确地; 恰恰) the opposite proved true.
excavate: v.挖掘; 挖出
    ex- 使某物出来  excavation n.
    The area was excavated during the early 1900s, but later reburied.
sedimentary: adj.沉积的
    sediment n.沉积物，沉淀物
    sedimentary layer 沉积层
be loaded with: 含有大量的...; 富含 to contain a lot of sth.
    Most fast foods are loaded with fat.
    The table is loaded with books.
    The bus is loaded with passengers.
comb jelly: n.栉水母
medusa: n.水母(pl.)     单数形式: medusae n.水母; 美杜莎
roam: v.闲逛; 漫游  to walk or travel around an area without any definite aim or direction
    synonym: wander
    Barefoot children roamed the streets.
venomous: adj.分泌毒液的; 有毒的
    venom n.毒液    -ous: 有...性质的
    a highly venomous snake
    The World Health Organization considers venomous snakebites among the most neglected tropical diseases.
tentacle: n.(海洋动物的)触手, 触角  (synonym: feeler)