2019-03-15
Weekend 'catch-up sleep' is a lie
catch-up: n.补做；赶做  the act of trying to do something you did not have time to do earlier
    play catch-up 通过追赶，达到同样的水平或程度
    Alibaba raced ahead into new markets, leaving other companies to play catch-up.
The negative health effects of skimping on sleep during the week can't be reversed by marathon weekend sleep sessions, according to a sobering new study.
skimp: v.节俭，节约；吝啬  (synonym: save) to try to spend less time, money, etc. on sth. than is really needed
    Don't skimp on necessities of life.
    Older people should not skimp on food or heating.
marathon: adj.马拉松式的 n.full/half marathon
    I had a marathon session marking 55 tests yesterday.
sobering: adj.令人警醒的，使人冷静的    making you feel serious and think carefully
    a sobering experience/thought
    It is sobering to realized that this is not a new problem.
Participants in a sleep laboratory who were limited to five hours of sleep on weekdays gained nearly three pounds over two weeks and experienced metabolic
disruption that would increase their risk for diabetes over the long term.
sleep in: 睡懒觉 to sleep until later in the morning than you usually do 
    The cat has to be shut in.  [in为副词，而不是介词]
    I need to stop sleeping in on weekends, no matter how good it feels to do so.
    Sunday mornings are for sleeping in, not for physical exertion.
be limited to sth.: 被限制在某种条件之下
    he limits himself to one cup of tea a day.
metabolic: adj.代谢的，新陈代谢的   metabolism n.
    Exercise is supposed to speed up your metabolism.
diabetes: n.糖尿病 a disease in which the body cannot control the level of sugar in the blood
    Obesity is a risk factor for diabetes.
Those gains were wiped out when people plunged right back into their same sleep-deprived schedule the next Monday.
plunge into: to experience sth. unpleasant 经历，陷入(不愉快的事)
    plunge: drop
    The news plunged us into deep depression.
sleep-deprived: adj.睡眠不足的
    deprived: adj.短缺的，匮乏的    suffering from a lack of the thing mentioned
        humour-deprived
If there are benefits of catch-up sleep, they're gone when you go back to your routine. It's very short-lived.
routine: the normal order and way which you regularly do things 常规，日常
short-lived = lasting for short time
oversee: v.监督;主导;管理   (synonym: supervise)
    The film Alita was overseen by James Cameron.
    As a marketing manager, her job is to oversee all the company's advertising.
prioritize: v.确定(事项的)优先次序;优先考虑 to decide which of a group of things are the most important so that you can deal with them first
    prior: adj.优先的
    The study suggests people should prioritize sleep - cutting out the optional "sleep stealers" such as watching television shows or spending time on electronic devices.
    We must learn to prioritize our work.
    They should prioritize sleep in the same way they would a healthy diet or exercise.