2019-04-19
Criticism for China's child modeling industry after video of 3-year-old being kicked
China’s growing child modeling industry is under scrutiny after footage of a 3-year-old being 
kicked by her mother was widely circulated online.
industry: 行业
scrutiny: n.仔细审查
    Foreign policy has come under close scrutiny recently.
footage: n.(尤指表现一个事件的)一段影片, 片段   part of a film showing a particular event
    old film footage of the moon landing
circulate: v.(使)散布, 传播; (使)(液体、气体)流通, 传送
    Rumors began to circulate about his financial problems.
    Hot water circulates through the heating system.
state-run: adj.国营的
    China Daily, a state-run newspaper
The video was filmed Monday in the eastern city of Hangzhou, where the girl was modeling outfits for 
online retailers. It drew outrage on Weibo, a Chinese social media site, where one of the topic pages 
about the incident had been viewed more than 610 million times by Thursday evening.
model: vt.当模特, 展示服装
    The girl was modeling outfits for online retailers.
outfit: n.(为特定场合或活动而穿的)全套服装, 装束
    a set of clothes that you wear together, especially for a particular occasion or purpose
    a wedding outfit
outrage: n.愤慨, 义愤   a strong feelings of shock and anger
    These murders have provoked outrage across the country.
The child modeling industry is growing in China, with an increase in runway shows, pageants and modeling classes for children 
runway: n.(机场)跑道; (时装表演)台道
pageant: n.(女子的)选美竞赛
Parents say they enroll their children in part to help them develop self-confidence. But when 
children tire of posing, changing outfits repeatedly and hustling from location to location, 
it is not uncommon for parents to raise their voices or even use corporal punishment.
enroll: v.(使)加入; 注册; 招(生)
    A enroll B  A帮B报名
    A enrolled in drama school.
    The centre will enroll A for the new programme.
in part: 部分地, 在一定程度上   synonym: partly; to some extent
outlet: n.出口; 商店, 分销店
    media outlet 媒体
tire of: 对...感到厌烦 = be tired of...
    tire v.感到疲劳
    She began to tire.
    The work tired her.
hustle: v.极速前进, 奔忙 n.忙碌奔忙的状态
    hustle and bustle 熙熙攘攘, 纷扰奔波
        We escaped from the hustle and bustle of the city for the weekend.
coporal punishment: (尤指对孩子的)体罚
    the physical punishment of people, especially of children, by hitting them
    coporal adj.与身体有关的
In response to the video, more than 110 children’s retailers on the e-commerce platform Taobao said 
they would scale back the use of child models and called for more regulatory protections in the 
shooting process.
scale back: 缩减, 缩小 = scale down     to make sth. smaller than it was
    scale v.缩小或放大
protections: (pl.)保护国民权力的法律和措施
“By employing little ones, we intended to show the delight that children’s clothing brings and to 
pass that on to even more children,” they said in a joint statement. “But if children are hurt in 
the process of being photographed, this completely goes against the original intent.”
pass sth. on sb.: 传递
go against the original intent: 违背初心
a joint statement: 联合声明