2019-06-14
Western firms increasingly admire - and want - Chinese technology
American officials have been treating technology bosses to classified briefings on the dangers of 
doing business in China. Those who operate there see things differently.
see things differently: 看法不同
    see v.考虑; 认为
treat: v.(用食物、饮食或娱乐)款待某人; 请客
    treat sb. to sth.
        Let me treat you to a drink.
        I'm going to treat myself to a new pair of sunglasses.
    Put your money away - I'm going to treat you.
classified: adj.(情报、公文、文件)机密文的，保密的
    classified documents
    classify: v.归类, 归纳; 将文件设或情报为机密
briefing: n.简报, 简要明示
    brief adj.简短的 v.提供消息
        a brief self-introduction
        The HR briefed me on the job duties.
    President's Daily Briefing
For the first time last year, in an annual poll by the EU Chamber of Commerce in China, a majority of
foreign company (61%) said that domestic firms were as innovative as European ones, or more so. This year
four-fifths of them saw opportunities in Chinese sparkiness.
poll: n.投票; 民意调查
Chamber of Commerce: 商会
    chamber n.房间, 会议厅; 组织, 机构
    lower chamber / house 下议院
    commerce n.商业贸易
innovative: adj.创新的; 新颖的
    She was an imaginative and innovative manager.
sparkiness: n.有活力的状态
    -ness 性质, 状态
    sparky adj.充满活力的   full of life
        a sparky girl
Today, acquiring(收购) a Chinese startup can help some foreign firms gain an edge. Takeover targets 
have their own research teams, patents, clients and, sometimes, lavish state subsides.
edge: n.优势, 优越之处; 刀刃
    the edge over sb.
        In terms of experience, she has the edge over everyone else.
takeover: n.接管; 接手(尤指一家公司收购了另一家公司)
    They were involved in a takeover last year.
    take over 接管, 接手
lavish: adj.奢华的; 很费钱的    large in amount, or impressive, and usually costing a lot of money
    a lavish party / lifestyle
    lavish state subsides 优厚的国家补贴
    The lavish production makes this musical truly memorable.
supplier: n.(尤指长期的)供应商, 供应者      (synonym: provider)
    a leading supplier of vehicle interiors(汽车内饰)
interior: n.建筑物内部, 室内; 里面 adj.
coagent: n.帮手; 伙伴
    co- 一起    coexist v.共存
interface: n.界面; 接口
    inter- 相互的; 在...之间    international 国际的
A person with knowledge of the deal says that Faurecia had been looking worldwide of a year before 
coming to China and spotting Jiangxi Coagent. "Faurecia said, 'Wow'," he says, and made the Chinese
technology the core of its offer(报价).
spot: v.发现; 注意到
    well spotted
all told: 总共, 一共; 总的来看    as a complete total
    There are 20 people in our team all told.
    There were 550 people at the festival all told.
    All told, it seems like an awful mess.
Without trade tensions and the technological cold war, deals would multiply. That they now might not
will delight America's spooks. Its companies, less so.
multiply: v.(使)大量增加; 乘
    Multiply 3 and 5, and you get 15.
    Bacteria multiply rapidly in warm weather.
spook: n.间谍, 密探; 鬼     synonym: spy; ghost
    Russia recalled its spooks after the collapse of the Soviet Union.