2019-05-10
Chinese family reportedly paid $6.5 million for spot at Stanford
reportedly: adv.据说, 据称
    report v.
    50 people have reportedly been injured in the explosion.
spot: n.名额; 地点, 位置
From the day in March that prosecutors announced charges against 50 people in a sweeping college admissions
fraud investigation, they have held out a tantalizing mystery: an unnamed family that they said had paid the
college consultant at the center of the scheme of $6.5 million - far more than any of the parents named in
the case - to get their child into college.
prosecutor: n.检察官; 公诉人
    prosecute v.起诉, 检举
        The thief will be prosecuted.
sweeping: adj.影响力广泛的; 规模宏大的
    sweep v.打扫; 迅速蔓延
        The flu was sweeping the city.
fraud: n.诈骗
    credit card fraud
tantalizing: adj.吸引人的, 撩人的
    tantalize v.撩拨; 挑逗; 让人干着急
scheme: n.阴谋, 诡计; 计划, 方案
    a pension scheme
direct knowledge: 直接的知识, 第一手资料
    a person with direct knowledge of the investigation 有第一手消息的人
hearing: n.听觉; 听证会
    a court hearing
The college consultant Singer had tried to get Zhao recruited to the Stanford sailing team.
get sb. done sth.: 促使某件事发生(但不是直接执行者)
    Are you trying to get me fired?
recruit: v.招收; 招募
    recruit sb. to an organization
supposed: adj.所谓的, 让人信以为真的
    suppose v.猜测; 猜想
    He created a false profile of her supposed sailing achievements.
on the basis of...: 以...为基础; 是...的原因
    She was admitted to Stanford partly on the basis of those false credentials.
credentials: n.资历; 资格证明
    academic credentials 学历
Zhao appears to have participated in a recent conference hosted by the Princeton U.S.-China Coalition.
coalition: n.联盟
Her biography said she was planning to major in Psychology and East Asian Studies.
biography: n.传记; 个人简介
    profile
say: v.说明; 显示
host: v.主办
    Tokyo is to host the next Olympics.
study: 学习; 研究   学科+studies
    media studies 传媒学
be admitted to: 被录取, 被收录
    The student is Yusi Zhao, who was admitted to Stanford in 2017.
    She was admitted to the hospital suffering from shock.