2019-03-19
U.S. accuses rich parents of college entry fraud
accuse sb. of sth. = charge sb. with sth.
fraud: n.欺诈罪，欺骗罪
    credit card fraud
    a $100 million fraud
    The jury found him guilty of most of the charges against him, including bribery and wire fraud(电信欺诈罪).
In a major college admissions scandal that laid bare the elaborate lengths some wealthy parents will go to get their children into competitive American universities,
federal prosecutors charged 50 people Tuesday in a brazen scheme to buy spots in the freshman classes at Yale, Stanford and other big name school.
prosecutor: n.检察官，诉讼人 a person who officially accuses sb. of committing a crime
    prosecute v.检控，告发      prosecution n.起诉，检举
    federal / state prosecutor
brazen: adj.厚颜无耻的  shameless
    She had become brazen about the whole affair.
scheme: n.阴谋，诡计
lay bare: 揭露，使公开；暴露    synonym: reveal, disclose, unveil
    lay bare sth.
    lay bare the truth of the accident
    It's up to us to lay bare their plot.
    It did lay bare divisions in both parties.
elaborate: adj.(计划、程序等)详尽的，精心策划的
    elaborate plans / preparations
go to one's lengths: do everthing one can 竭尽全力
well-heeled: adj.有钱的，富裕的 rich; wealthy
    down at the heels (antonym)
Prosecutors said there could be additional indictments to come.
there could be ... to come: 在未来会有...发生
indictment: n.(对严重罪行的)控告，起诉
    indict: v.
    bring an indictment against sb.
    under indictment for...
indictment <-> prosecution: indictment更偏向于更专业的法律指控
The scheme unveiled Tuesday was stunning in its breadth and audacity.
stunning: shocking
breath: n.宽度；广度，广泛性   the quality of including a lot of different people, things, or ideas 
    the breadth of the river
    Her breath of reading surprised me.
audacity: n.大胆，放肆  courage or confidence of a kind that other people find shocking or rude
    Your Majesty, she had the audacity to poison me.
    He had the audacity to blame me for this.
    But the audacity of his imagination was never in doubt.
It was the Justice Department's largest-ever college admissions prosecution, a sprawling investigation that involved 200 agents nationwide
and resulted in charges against 50 people in six states.
Justice Department: 司法部
sprawing: adj.杂乱无序展开的，延伸范围大的  spreading in an untidy way
    spraw: v.蔓延
    His handwriting is sprawing.
    "Sprawing" is a good for describing things that extend accross a large area.
    a sprawing campus
Authorities say the parents of some of the nation‘s wealthiest and most privileged students sought to buy spots for their children at
top universities, not only cheating the system but also potentially cheating other hardworking students out of a chance at a college education.
cheat/game the system: manipulate the system for a desire outcome 钻制度的空子
potential: possibly 潜在的, 有可能的
cheat sb. out of sth.: to prevent sb.for having sth., specially in a way that is not honest or fair 剥夺某人东西
    They cheated him out of his share of the profits.
doctor: v.篡改，伪造    to change a document in order to deceive people
    He had doctored the evidence.
wrongdoing: n.不法行为，欺骗行径 illegal or dishonest behavior
    The company denies any wrongdoing.
"The parents are the prime movers of this fraud," Andrew E. Lelling, U.S. attorney for the district of Massachusetts, said Tuesday during a news conference.
prime mover: n.主谋，主要策划人 a person or thing that starts sth. and has great influence in the way it develops.
    proposer 提议者     seconder 附议者
attorney: n.律师(尤指代表当事人出庭者)
    Evans left the meeting with his attorney after about 15 minutes.
The real victims in this case are the hardworking students who were displaced in the admissions process by far less qualified students
and their families who simply bought their way in.
displace: to force sb. out of his usual position
buy one's in/into sth.: 买通  to pay money in order to gain access to a group or place
    He brought his way into the university with his family connections.