2019-05-11
The gender gap is also a confidence gap
gender gap: 性别差异 a difference between the way men and women are treated in society, 
    or between what men and women do and achieve
    gap 间隙; 差异
        mind the gap 注意间隙; generation gap
Disparate outcomes between men and women remain one of the most contentious issues in American life.
disparate: adj.截然不同的, 迥然相异的
    Western culture and Eastern culture are utterly disparate cultures.
        utterly: adv.完全地; 绝对地; 全然地; 彻底地
contentious: adj.有争议的
    a contentious decision
    controversial: (形容人时)他人对ta的评价有争议
        Assange is a highly controversial figure.
    contentious: (形容人时)喜欢争论、挑起争议
        I hate talking to her because of her contentious personality.
    Gun control remains one of the most contentious issues in Western society.
Inequalities could be even more persistent than feared - in part because many men seem to have more confidence than women.
persistent: adj.持续的; 顽固存在的
    a persistent salesman 纠缠不休的推销员
    persistent rain / a persistent cough
The result is this: Girls with more exposure to high-achieving boys have a smaller chance of receiving a bachelor's degree.
startling: adj.惊人的; 令人震惊的   causing momentary fright, suprise, or astonishment
    He made some startling admissions about his past.
exposure: n.暴露; 接触
    Exposure to radiation is very dangerous.
high-achieving: adj.获得很高成就的; 成绩优异的
    high-achiever
The researchers dug into the data and found that female students suffer from lower confidence and, 
in measurable ways, weaker aspiration.
dig into: 深入调查; 探究    to find out information by searching or asking question
    dig v.挖
    Will you dig a little into his past and see what you find?
    The deeper you dig into history, the richer it becomes.
aspiration: n.志向, 抱负    synonym: ambition
    He has never had any aspiration to earn a lot of money.
    ambition: 有时包含了一些负面意义，表示为获得名利不择手段的野心。
    aspiration: 在语义上更加中立
Even blind review does not avoid gender bias in the processing of grant proposal applications.
blind review: 盲审
gender bias: 性别偏见   unfair difference in the treatment of men or women because of their sex
    sexism (针对女性的)性别歧视; 男性至上主义
grant proposal: 资助申请
    grant n.政府、机构给予个人或组织的拨款、资助金
    proposal n.计划; 提案
It turns out that the women are more likely to use narrow words, and the men are likely to use broader ones.
And reviews, it turns out, favor broad words, which are commonly associated with more sweeping claims.
sweeping: adj.有广泛影响力的; 笼统的    synonym: far-reaching
    sweep v.(风、雪等)猛烈吹过
    sweeping generalizations about women drivers 一概而论的看法
It is not a huge leap to think of broader, more sweeping language as reflecting a kind of confidence,
whether merited or not. Narrow words, on the other hand, may reflect a lower level of confidence or a greater
sense of rhetorical modesty.
leap: n.跳跃; 飞跃  a big jump
    a leap of imagination 需要想象力
    It is not a huge leap...: it is not difficult...
merit: v.值得, 应受     synonym: deserve
    This plan merits careful attention.
rhetorical: adj.言语上的, 口头上的  verbal
modesty: n.谦逊, 谦虚
without sufficient confidence: 不够自信
I've found that a simple rah-rah about women's empowerment may not be the answer. When it comes to 
addressing the gender confidence gap, we are still looking for answers.
rah-rah: (abbr.) n.盲目热情 adj.狂热的
    hurrah 感叹词
    a rah-rah speech
empowerment: n.授权; 使自由
    empower v.授权; 使自主
        empower women