Croatia, cast in underdog role, has the look of a champion
oxymoron: 矛盾修辞法
cast: v.使...扮演(某角色)
    cast sb. in sth.: to choose an actor to play a particular role
    The director casts Benedict Cumerbatch in the main role of a play about Brexit.
    Benedict Cumerbatch is cast in the main role of a play about Brexit.
underdog: n.(竞争、竞赛等中的)劣势方, 弱者
    the person who seems least likely to succeed or win in the competition
It should not be considered disrespectful to suggest that Croatia would have been the unlikeliest champion 
in World Cup history. It, after all, is a country of four million people where domestic soccer has long been
debilitated by corruption. It is a country that has, in less than three decades since a bitter, brutal war for
independence, reached one World Cup semifinal and now a World Cup final, and managed to churn out successive
generation of high-caliber players.
debilitate: v.使虚弱; 使衰弱
    debilitate your opponent
    a debilitate disease
brutal: adj.残忍的; 野蛮的; 不讲理的
successive: adj.连续的; 接连的; 相继的
high-caliber: adj.高质量的
Croatia does not have the economic power of France. In an era in which financial might so often makes right,
when the traditional European powerhouse hold the balance of power to a greater extent than at any time in 
history, Croatia's achievement in making it this far is breathtaking.
powerhouse: n.权势集团; 强国
    an economic powerhouse
Might makes right: 强权即公理
breathtaking: adj.令人兴奋的; 激动人心的
    breathtaking views
    take sb. breath away 令人惊叹
        You take my breath away.
It went into the World Cup final Sunday as the underdog because of financial reality, because of demography,
because of history, because no country of its size has been world champion for almost 70 years, and not because
its players are underappreciated or its talent is in doubt.
demography: n.人口统计; 人口学
underappreciated: adj.未得到正确评价的; 未受到充分赏识(或欣赏)的
churn out: 快速生产; 大量生产
    The writer churns out a new best-selling novel every year.
hold the balance of power: 决定胜负; 决定(比赛)双方的优劣
But it will not, by any stretch of the imagination, be underestimated. This is a team drawn from Real Madrid,
Barcelona, Atletico Mardrid, Liverpool, Monaco and Inter Milan.
by any stretch of the imagination: 任凭怎么想也不; 再怎么说也不
    You won't become a billionaire, not by any stretch of the imagination.
Whatever happened Sunday, this is a team that will not, for years to come, have to worry about a lack of respect.
shootout 点球大战
penalty 点球
eliminated 淘汰
quarters 四分之一决赛