2019-03-28
Disney moves from behemoth(行业巨头) to colossus(娱乐业巨无霸) with closing of Fox deal(交易)
behemoth: n.庞然大物; 强大的事物    sth. that is extremely powerful
    She works in a seventy-storey behemoth in Manhattan.
colossus: n.极具影响力(或能力)的人物; 关系重大的事物    a person or thing that is extremely important
    It is now an entertainment colossus the size of which the world has never seen.
close a deal (with): 成交, 做成生意
    The company closed a deal with Alibaba.
“Everyting the light touches is our kingdom." It's a line from Disney's "The Lion King", spoken by Mufasa to young Simba as they sit atop Pride Rock.
the light touches...
atop: prep.在...顶上, 在...之上
    a- = on     top; on top of
    The United States ski team is currently anything but atop the ski racing ranking.
It seemed to describe the Walt Disney Co. itself, as the conglomerate closed its $71.3 billion acquisition of 21st Century Fox assets.
Co. = company
conglomerate: n.联合大企业，企业集团
acquisition: n.收购; 收购物(房屋, 公司, 土地等); 习得   acquire v.
    language acquisition
"The deal definitely reshapes the landscape," said Michael Nathanson, a leading media analyst.
leading: adj.1.主要的 2.顶尖的, 顶级的
    leading role
landscape: n.全貌，格局; 景色，风景
    political landscape
The acquisition is the largest in Disney's 96-year history, dwarfing even the 1995 purchase of Capital Cities/ABC.
dwarf: v.使...相形见绌; 使...显得矮小   n.矮人
    The church dwarfs the old houses.
Disney had been a mere behemoth, dominating sports television through ESPN, controlling the global theme park business and running Hollywood's No.1
movie operation, with studios that include Marvel, Pixar and Lucasfilm.
mere: adj.只不过是, 仅仅
operation: 企业，公司   a multinational operation
studio: n.电影公司，电影制片厂
    a Hollywood studio
    She works for a major Hollywood studio.
bulk up: 增强肌肉; 增重; 扩大规模
    bulk: the large size or quantity of sth.
    bulk buying
    This season he has bulked up to 230 pounds.
    All of the new employees have bulked up the company's payroll.
be sheduled to: 计划, 预计做某事
    The competition now includes Apple, which is scheduled to unveil its television and movie plans on Monday.
unveil: v.推出; 为...揭幕; 将...公诸于众    veil v./n.
Disney is trying to become less dependent on cable channels like ESPN, which are in low, steady decline owing to cord-cutting.
cable channel: 有线电视频道     cable n.电缆
cord-cutting: n.(电视用户)取消订阅      cord: n.电线
Disney has decided to move into the rapidly growing realm of online video, a direct-to-customer business defined by Netflix.
realm: n.领域; 王国
    In the research realm, its reputation continued to grow.
streaming: n.在线收听(或收看); (音频或视频的)流动式接收
    The Fox assets will enhance the plan, which includes a streaming service called Disney+ later this year.
historic: adj.强调有历史意义的
    This is an extraordinary and historic moment for Disney.
historical: adj.与历史有关的
    historical background
