2019-03-09
Young children should be taught in their mother tongue, not in English
mother tongue: the first language that you learn when you are a baby 母语
English perfectly exemplifies the "network effects" of a global tongue.
exemplify: v.作为...典范; 是...的典型
    It exemplifies the Flaubertian principle that irony and sympathy are not incompatible.
network effects: 网络效应
spur: v.促进;激励   spur n.促进;激励;马刺
    spur into action
        I was spurred into action by her speech.
    Her research spurred increased federal funding to high-poverty schools and education programs.
Parents' desire for their children to master English is spurring the growth of private schooling.
Education authorities are switching to English medium, in part to stem the outflow of children into the private sector.
switch: to change suddenly or completely, especially from one thing to another  v.突然改变;转换;调换 n.
    light switch n.
    We need to switch the mind-set and consider nourishing foods we prepare.

English medium teaching: 英语授课
medium: n.媒体，教学媒介语言，方法      media (pl.)
    medium of instruction
        English is still the main medium of instruction in Nigeria.
stem: v.阻止，遏制
    These measures are designed to stem the rise of violent crime.
    stem the tide of sth.:  to stem the tide of immigration
outflow: n.外流,流出    (antonym: inflow)
    the outflow of water    capital outflow: 资本外流
    As of early 2017, America was experiencing a net outflow of undocumented Mexican migrants.
English should be an important subject at school, but not necessarily the language of instruction.
language of instruction: 教学语言
    instruction: the act of teaching sth. to sb.
    In Maylaysia, the primary language of instruction is English.
not necessarily: adv.未必，不一定 [常用做回复语]
Governments fearful of losing custom to the private sector should look at the many possible ways of improving public school.
custom: n.(经常性的)顾客，客源      Thank you for your custom. 谢谢光临
look at: 思考，考虑     to think about, consider or study something
    The implications of the new law will need to be looked at.
    We're looking at the feasibility of building a shopping centre there.