2019-03-29
The world's most expensive cities
...gives the title of...to...:
    The Worldwide Cost of Living Survey gives the title of the world's most expensive city to three places.
straight: adj.连续的, 不间断的  following one after another without an interruption
    Sigapore marks its sixth straight year at the top of the rankings, and is joined there by Hong Kong and Paris.
    Brazil won two straight World Cup finals.
    The entire nation was plunged into darkness for six days straight.
benchmark: n.基准(点)
    set a benchmark for sth.
    Living costs in all three cities are 7% higher than in New York, the benchmark city.
    Brent crude, the international benchmark, rose above $86 a barrel on Wednesday.
Living costs are higher...
...have higher prices than.. (句式变化)
Strong economic growth in the United States in 2018 led to a sharp appreciation of the dollar and a rise up the rankings
for 14 of 16 American cities for which prices are collected.
appreciation: n.(价格, 价值等)上涨, 增值    increase in price, value, etc.
    There has been little appreciation in the value of property(房地产) recently.
climber: n.攀登者; 登山者
    The highest climbers were San Franscisco (up 12 places to 25th) and Houston (up to 30th from 41st).
    Leopards are great tree climbers.
    a rock climber
move up/rise by six spots/places: 上升六名
tie: vi.不分胜负
    Five years ago, New York and Los Angeles tied in 39th position.
Elsewhere, inflation, devaluations and economic turmoil caused the cost of living in Argentina, Brazil, Turkey and Venezuela to plunge.
inflation: n.通货膨胀   <-> deflation: n.通货紧缩
    a general, continuous increase in prices
devaluation: n.(货币)贬值   devalue: v.贬值
turmoil: n.混乱, 骚乱, 动乱     a state of confusion, uncertainty, or disorder
    Syria is in a state of political turmoil.
    Despite that turmoil, she graduated from American University and is now enrolled in law school.
plunge: v.(价格或程度)暴跌, 骤降    to become lower in value or level very suddenly and quickly
    The fall in demand caused share prices to plunge.
    Boeing stock plunged Monday morning, dragging down the Dow Jones industrial average.
Turkey's currency crisis and surging consumer-price inflation saw Istanbul drop 48 places to joint 120th.
CPI: consumer price index 消费价格指数
consumer-prise inflation: 消费价格指数的涨幅
joint 120th: 并列120名
surging: adj.飙升的，快速增加的     surge n. 汹涌; 大浪,波涛 v.汹涌; 起大浪; 蜂拥而来
see: v.见证(某事的发生) witness
    The city has seen plenty of violence over the years.
But Caracas in Venezuela claims the tile of the least expensive city in the world, thanks to hyperinflation and the plummeting bolivar.
claim: to gain, win, or achieve sth. 获得/赢得某物
    claim the tile of sth. 获得某种称号
thanks to sth.: 原因在于...
hyperinflation: n.极度通货膨胀; 恶性通货膨胀
    hyper- 超越, 超过   Hyperion 古希腊光亮女神
    hypersensitive: adj.高度敏感的      hypercritical: adj.吹毛求疵的
plummet: v.暴跌, 急速下降   to fall suddenly and quickly from a high level or position
    The company's stoke plummeted down to its lowest level.
bolivar: n.博利瓦(委内瑞拉货币)
    Venezuelan Bolivar (VEB)