2019-03-25
Face mask craze creates Korean billionaire with Goldman backing
craze: n.(通常为一时的)狂热; 风行一时的东西 an activity, object or idea is extrememly popular, usually for a short time
    travel craze / fitness craze
    a craze for sth.
Goldman Sachs: 高盛投资公司
backing: n.支持; (尤指)资助 support, especially money, that sb. gives a person or plan
    back: v.支持，援助
    They have won financial backing from the EU.
Face masks can moisturize, exfoliate, or soothe and coll the skin in minutes.
moisturize: v.使皮肤湿润; 滋润
    moisture: n.水分；湿度；潮湿；降雨量
    a moisturizing lotion(洗涤剂)
    Honey moisturizes the skin and removes wrinkles.
exfoliate: v.(使)死皮脱落   to remove dead cells from the surface of skin in order to make it smoother
soothe: v.减轻(身体某部位)的疼痛(或不适)    to reduce pain or discomfort in a part of the body
    synonym: calm
    She made a cup of tea to soothe her nerves.
Face masks can also build billion-dollar fortunes, but that takes a tad longer - two years in Kim Jung-woong's case.
build fortunes / make fortunes: 创造财富
a tad: 一点 a little
Goldman Sachs acquired 5% of Kim's GP Club Co.Ltd. in a $67 million deal that values the maker of creams, lipstick
and other beauty products at $1.3 billion.
value: v.估值
Kim started his carreer in the beauty industry selling cosmetics to wholesalers.
beauty industry: 美容业
wholesaler: n.批发商    wholesale: n./v.批发，成批售卖
It took off from the start, gaining popularity on Alibaba's flagship e-commerce platform, Taobao.
take off: to suddenly start to be successful
The company introduced a new product, the Honey Luminous Royal Propolis Mask, and expanded into Korean duty-free shops.
flagship: n.旗舰，旗舰产品，主打产品    the best or most important thing owned or produced by a particular organization
    a flagship store
    This machine is the flagship in our new range of computers.
luminous: adj.发光的，发亮的
    lumen- 光   lumin- 光
    luminous skin 水光肌
    The luminous dial on the clock showed five minutes to seven.
royal jelly: 蜂王浆
propolis: n.蜂胶
self-made: adj.白手起家的   rich and successful as a result of your own work and not because of family money
    In South Korean, self-made fortunes are uncommon.
Family-run business conglomerates, called chaebols, have diversified across industries, leaving little room for self-made competitors.
conglomerate: n.联合大企业，企业集团    a large company formed by joining together different firms
    Disney is a media conglomerate
    The conglomerate controlled by Warren E. Buffett suffered losses of $25.4 billion in the forth quarter.
chaebol: n.韩国财团，韩国财阀
diversify: v.(使)多元化经营，扩大经营范围
    Patterns of family life are diversifying.
Large companies have more money and better infrastructure, but the cosmetics business requires more than that.
It's an area for specialists.
infrastructure: n.基础结构; (国家的)基础设施
    infra- 在...下面    structure 结构，构造
    building the infrastructure of the digital world
    economic infrastructure
In 2015, Estée Lauder Cos. acuqired a stake in Have & Be for an undisclosed sum.
stake: n.股份，股本 a share or a financial involvement in sth. such as a business
    He holds a 95% stake in the company.
    have a stake in sth. 和...有利害关系
    Parents are aware that they have a stake in their children's future.
undisclosed: adj.未公开的，未披露的，保密   disclose v.
    an disclosed location / an undisclosed buyer
