2019-03-23
Mark Zuckerberg wants Faceboook to emulate China's WeChat, but can it?
emulate: v.效仿，模仿
    Her creativity is all but impossible to emulate.
As Mark Zuckerberg begins shifting Facebook to private messaging(私人通讯) and away from public sharing and open conversations,
the vision he has sketched out for the future of social networking already exists - just not in the United States.
vision: n.想象，愿景    The vision already exists.
sketch out: 勾勒; 概述; 草拟 to give a brief description of sth.
    sketch: n./v.素描，速写
    She sketched out the plan in a few brief sentenses.
    She sketched out her plan for tackling the problem.
Instead, it is a reality in China through a messaging app called WeChat.
through / thanks to / due to: 实现的方式
Allen Zhang is famous for his perfectionist pursuit of a well-designed service.
perfectionist: n.追求完美的人
    perfectionistic adj.追求完美的
    perfectionism n.完美主义
pursuit: n.追求，寻找   the act of looking for or trying to find sth.   pursue v.
    The Pursuit of Happyness <<当幸福来敲门>>
    She travelled the world in pursuit of her dreams.
internel battles: <-> external
revenue department: 营收部门
push: v.敦促, 促使; 推动 to forcefully persuade or direct sb. to do sth.
    to push for the better management of water resources
    They're pushing very hard to get that to happen as soon as possible.
In a four-hour speech earlier this year, he pondered the question of why there were not more ads on the messaging service,
especially the opening-page ads that are the norm in many other Chinese mobile apps.
opening-page ads: 开屏页，启动页(加载页面)广告
norm: 常态; 规范; 行为准则 a situation or type of behavior that is expected and considered to be typical
    social norms / ethical norms
ponder: v.考虑, 沉思; 使...思考
Zhang has made restraint his product philosophy.
restraint: n.克制 [内在的，主观上的]    restrain v.限制，阻止
    self-restraint = self-control
    moral and ethical restraints
    social restraints on self-determined marriage
    constraint n.限制 [外在的，客观上的]
        You're required to work under constraints of time and resources.
        budget constraint
product: n.(互联网)产品; 制品
    They do a range of skin-care product.
philosophy: n.理念，原则; 哲学
    one's philosophy of life
    Her philosophy of life is to take every opportunity that presents itself.
Zuckerberg does not have that luxury, given that he is trying to switch from an ad-based business into a different model.
The shift will be far from an easy task to pull off.
luxury: n.不常有的优势(或便利、享受); 豪华; 奢侈    an indulgence in sth. that provides pleasure or ease
    We had the luxury of choosing instead of begging.
pull off: 做成，完成(困难的事); 脱衣服、鞋子
    pull off your shoes
    It takes courage to pull off a career change.
Ivory tower: 象牙塔
    With the rapid development of our society, the campus is no longer an "ivory tower".