2019-06-15
Female spies and their secrets
Tinker Taylor Soldier Spy 《锅匠，裁缝，士兵，间谍》
capacity: n.容量; 能力; 身份
    The stadium has a seating capacity of 50,000.
    She has a great capacity for hard work.
    in one's capacity as sth. 以...身份     identity n.
        She spoke in her capacity as a novelist.
        Are women useful as spies? If so, in what capacity?
Maxwell Knight, an officer in MI5, Britain's domestic counterintelligence agency, sating pondering these questions.
MI5: Military Intelligence Section 5 (英国)军情五处
counterintelligence: n.反情报活动, 反间谍活动
    counter 反击; 报复      counter-attack 回击
    intelligence 情报
pounder: v.沉思; 认真考虑
    pounder sth. / pounder over sth.
        She poundered over her next move in the game. [下棋时]
Outside his office, World War II had begun, and Europe's baptism by blitzkrieg was underway.
baptism: n.初次体验; 首次经受...考验; 洗礼
    baptist 施礼者
        John the Baptist 施礼者约翰
blitzkrieg: n.闪电战; 闪击战    lightning war
    blitz 闪电      krieg 战争
In England the intelligence community was still an all-male domain. But a lady spy could
come in handy, as Knight was about to opine.
come in handy: 派得上用场
    The elderly keep all kinds of boxes and packages in the house, in case they might come in handy one day.
    The money will come in handy when I want to travel.
    Keep it, it might come in handy.
opine: v.认为, 发表看法 to hold and state sth. as one's opinion
    Parents opine that smoking is bad for children.
Intelligence officers had long presumed that women's special assets for spying were limited to strategically
deployed female abilities: batting eyelashes, soliciting pillow talk, and of course maintaining files and 
typing reports. Overseeing operations? Not so much.
presume: v.(想当然地)以为...
asset: n.财产, 资产; (人的)优点, 优势
    A quick mind is his chief asset.
deploy: v.部署(军队); 利用, 使用
bat: v.(轻浮地)眨眨眼睛     bat eyelashes 暗送秋波
solicit: v.乞求; 征求
    solicit money
    solicit for sth.    solicit for opinions
    It is illegal for public officials to solicit gifts or money in exchange for favours.
oversee: v.监督; 监视; 审查
World War II, a "total war" that required all able male bodies for global fighting, offered new opportunities.
Women were considered good couriers - a high-risk role - because they could rely on ingratiation and seeming
naïveté as tools in tight spots. The war also provided openings for women to show that they could excute 
operations, making strategic life-and-death decision.
D-Day: 1.(泛指)重要事件发生的日子 2.(军事上特指)进攻日 3.诺曼底登陆
courier: n.(地下或间谍组织的)情报员
ingratiation: n.逢迎; 讨好
    Not being able to stand his ingratiation, I helplessly agreed to his request.
    ingratiate v.讨好; 迎合     ingratiate oneself with
        He only ingratiates himself with anyone who might be useful.
naïveté: n.天真     naive adj.
in tight spots: 身处险境
opening: a good opportunity 好机会
secret agent: 特工
guerrilla: n.游击队员
eavesdrop: v.偷听, 窃听
    eavesdropper n.
    eaves n.屋檐    drop v.液体滴滴答答落下来
    eavesdrop on
        She eavesdropped on an important conversation.
        Disguised as a milkmaid, she sold cheese and eavesdropped on the German Seventh Army.
recapture: n./v.夺回, 收复
    She helped to pave the way for the Allied recapture of Paris.
    capture v.俘虏; 攻占, 占领
        Allied troops captured over 300 enemy soldiers.
        The city was captured in 1941.
In 1953, the head of the CIA, Allen Dulles, convened a 'Petticoat Panel' to look into attitudes toward women 
at the agency. Compared with men, they were seen as more emotional, less objective, and insufficiently aggressive.
CIA: Central Intelligence Agency (美国)中央情报局
panel: 座谈小组
petticoat: 衬裙
convene: v.召集(会议)   to come together
    con- 一起   vene 来
    He had convened a secret meeting of military personnel.
    The prime minister convened his cabinet to discuss the matter.
That was then. Now the CIA is directed by a woman, Gina Haspel, who has promoted veteran women to head top 
directorates. These leaders have antecedents, whether or not they know it.
directorate: n.(政府中专管某一事项的)司、部、处; (公司的)董事会
    the Food Safety Directorate 食品安全司
antecedent: n.祖先, 先人    synonym: ancestor