2019-02-28
Huawei launches new $2600 foldable 5G phone to rival Samsung
launch: 启动，推出，发射
    launch a rocket
    The programme was launched three years ago. 活动开启
    The phone was launched. 产品发布
foldable screen / folding screen
foldable smartphone / folding smartphone
    a folding bicycle
rival: n.竞争对手 v.可与...媲美，比得上
    No computer can rival a human brain in complexity.
    Haiwei launches new $2,600 foldable 5G phone to rival Samsung.
tablet computer
tablet: a thin, flat, often square piece of hard material
    a tablet of smartphone
render: to cause sb. or sth. to be in a particular state
    render sb./sth. adj.
    His rudeness rendered me speechless.
obsolete: 过时的，被淘汰的
    Gas lamps became obsolete when electric lighting was invented.
Huawei Technologies Co. announced a smartphone that unfolds into a small tablet computer, potentially rendering the need to carry
two separate devices obsolete.
display: 显示屏     LED display
manufacturer: 制造商
    It's the second folding phone announced by a major manufacturer within a week.
    Germany is a major manufacturer of motor cars.
reveal: to allow something to be seen that had been hidden
    Samsung revealed the Galaxy Fold on Wednesday.
    The doctors did not reveal the truth to him.
scramble: to compete with other people for sth. there is very little of
    scramble to do 争先恐后
    People are scrambling to buy property.
    Manufacturers are scrambling to find new ways to convince consumers they should upgrade their devices.
mainstream: n. v.
    mainstream education
    He was never part of the literary mainstream as a writer.
Next-generation high-speed networks are still far away from mainstream availability, so device makers are looking at new device form factors to conjure up excitement.
conjure (up): 1. to make sth. appear by magic
              2. to make a picture or idea appear in somebody's mind
    conjure a dove from the hat
    That smell always conjured up memories of holidays in France.
    The phrase "vocational education" might conjure up image of trade schools that train students to work in traditionally blue-collar jobs.
scrutiny: n.检查，仔细审查 (synonym: inspection)
    come under close scrutiny
    Foreign policy has come under close scrutiny.
    Huawei has been battling global scrutiny over its telecom equipment.
surpass: v.超过，优于，胜过
    surpass oneself
    Last year, it surpassed Apple to become the world's second-largest maker of smartphone.
mass:
    a mass of sth. / masses of sth.
    the masses 群众，平民
    a mass of people / masses of people
get/lay/put one's hands on: manage to find/obtain sth. or catch sb.
    I'll kill him if I ever get my hands on him.
    I know their address is here somewhere, but I can't get my hands on it right now.
    Do you know where I can get my hands on a second-hand television?
functionality: 多指一件产品的所有功能 "技能组"  n.功能性，设计目的
But it will be "a few years" before a significant mass of customers get their hands on 5G functionalities and foldable screens.
    Researchers are conducting a clinical trial to see if the tropic cream helps to restore skin functionality.