2019-04-08
The surprising connection between single women and gentrification
Gentrification is reshaping urban areas all around the world, displacing large segments of the population and 
making cities increasingly unaffordable.
gentrification: n.中产阶级化
    a process by which middle-class people take up residence in a traditionally working-class area of city, changing the character of the area
    They vowed at the community meeting to resist gentrification.
    gentry: n.上流社会人士，绅士阶层
    gentrify: v.使贵族化; 使中产阶级化
        gentrify neighborhoods
displace: v.迫使...离开常居地; 取代
segment: n.部分; 段, 片     (synonym: part)
    a segment of an orange 一瓣橘子
    market segment  细分市场
    Irish Americans are actually a pretty big segment of the electorate.
real estate: 房地产，不动产 property in the form of land or buildings
    real estate bubble
    property market / bubble
What we found is that single women in Hong Kong have played a surprising and little-studied role in gentrification.
little-studied <-> much-studied
fourfold: adv.四倍地    four times as big as much
    From 1950 to 1990, The number of young single women across Asia increased almost fourfold, from 22 million to 82 million.
    a fourfold increase
    fivefold, sixfold
ripple effect: 连锁反应; 涟漪作用   a situation in which one event produces effects which spread and produce further effects
    butterfly effect
    domino effect
    His resignation will have a ripple effect on the whole department.
    The bank crash has had a ripple effect on the whole community.
Single women are also attaining higher-paid jobs, which boosts demand for housing.
attain: v.获得，得到; 达到
    attain high grades
    attain independence
boost: 推动; 提高   to improve or increase sth.
A telltale sign of gentrification is the shift from rentals to owner-occupied housing.
telltale: adj.能说明问题的; 暴露实情的  n.(口)告密者，打小报告的人
    telltale clues
    a telltale sign of sth.: signs that clearly show sth. that happened or exists
owner-occupied: adj.(房子等)业主居住的; 自己使用的
share: n.份额; 份
    the share of sth.
    The share of units with owners living in them climbed from 45.5% in 1986 to 64.2% two decades later.
households led by single women: 户主为单身女性的住户
    = households headed by single women
    a household led/headed by men
    a male-led household / a male-headed household
    The share of households led by single women jumped to 47.1% in 2006 from just 25.8% two decades earlier.
Not only are single women emerging as a growing and critical aspect of Hong Kong's economy, they are also driving 
the city's increasingly unaffordable real estate market.
emerge: v.显现; 兴起
    emerge as: 成为
drive: v.推动 force to advance
This is not to say that...: 这并不是在说...
    That's to say,...: 也就是在说
    This is not to say that we should blame women for gentrification.
workforce: n.劳动力, (国家、地区、行业)全体从业人员
    The growing representation and success in the workforce is something to be celebrated.
    The company is cutting its workforce.
    Google's workforce is 69 percent male, according to its 2018 diversity report.
Women at the other end of the income spectrum, particularly single mothers, bear the brunt of gentrification
brunt: n.主要压力; 影响最大的部分; 首当其冲，承受某事的主要压力
    bear/take the (full) brunt of sth. (饱)受压力
    Acts of violence erupt in unpredictable bursts, with civilians often bearing the brunt.