2019-03-24
"The Godfather" turns 50
mobster / gangster 黑帮成员
reputed adj.据说的，据称的
    be reputed to do: 普遍认为是...
    Mario Puzo's "The Godfather" is reputed to be the fastest-selling book in history.
    The restaurant is reputed to be the best in the city.
competently adj.胜任的  sb. sufficiently qualified; sth. adequate for the purpose
    In many respects, it deserved its success. "The Godfather" is more than competently written.
aspire to: 向往，有志于...
    I aspire to great knowledge.
    I aspired to literary greatness.
conjure up: 想象出  to make a picture or idea appear in sb.'s mind
    conjure: v.变戏法
    The glittering ceremony conjured up images of Russia's imperial past.
    This smell always conjures up memories of holidays in France.
misadventure: n.不幸事故，不幸遭遇  an unfortunate incident
    death by misadventure
    The tragedy acted as a catalyst for a whole series of misadventures.
    Puzo only conjured up Vito Corleone and his family's adventures and misadventures to escape debt.
“I'll make his an offer he can't refuse", the Don's cynical quip, has become a figure of speech.
synical: adj. 愤世嫉俗的；冷嘲的
quip: n.妙语；嘲弄；讽刺语 vi.嘲弄；讥讽 vt.嘲弄
figure of speech: 比喻，梗  a word or phrase used in a different way from its usual meaning in order to create
    a particular mental picture or effect
pass into: 变成其中的一部分 become a part of sth.
    Many foreign words have passed into Chinese.
Some scenes - such as the planting of a racehorse's severed head on the bed of a Hollywood producer
who did refuse the Don - have passed into folklore.
plant: v.偷偷放置
folklore: n.民间传说
    folk: adj.流传民间的    lore: n.传说
get sth. right: 准确地理解  understand correctly
    The author got a lot of things right.
subtlety: n.精妙之处    adj.subtle
    the subtlety of communication between Sicilians in particular and Italians in general.
sth. in general and sth. in particular:
    Lala loves sports in general and dance in particular.
Mafia: n.黑手党
    Mafioso 黑手党成员   Mafiosi (pl.)
    the incorporation, often reluctant, of mobsters from other ethnic backgrounds into the American Manfia.
Cosa Nostra's usurpation of reponsibilities that belong to the state, including the dispensing of justice
usurpation: n.篡夺，夺取    usurp v.侵占，篡夺
    He usurped the throne.
dispense: v.提供，供应
    dispense justice 主持公道，伸张正义
    The organization dispenses free health care to the poor.
"The Godfather" also gets things wrong, though. It portrays gangsters the way gangsters like to be regarded, 
as fundamentally honourable types who offer genuine services and seek no more than to be respected for their
contributtions to society.
portray: v.描绘，刻画   portray sb. as sth.
seek no more than...: 除了...不求回报
It can be argued: 我们可以这么认为; ...是合理的
    It can be argued that in the book and in the first movie, Puzo managed to strike an acceptable balance.
strike a balance: 达到平衡，找到折中的解决办法
But its sequel is a whitewash: the young Vito Corleone transformed seemingly overnight from a loving husband
into homicidal, yet still essentially decent, Don.
sequel: n. 续集; 续作
homicidal: adj.嗜杀成性的
    homicide n.谋杀，凶杀
decent: adj. 正派的；得体的；相当好的
They are co-opted from among the most brutal of their peers and then subjected to a process of systematic,
additional brutalisation util they are ready to kill to order.
co-opt: v.拉拢，笼络    to include sb. in sth. often when they do not want to be part of it
brutal: adj.野蛮的，残暴的      brutalize: v.使变得残酷无情
among: 范围由可数个体组成的，可以具体挑选的
    ... from sea water
    choose from among five models
subject: v.使...遭受...
    subject sb. to sth.     be subjected to sth.
Puzo's version is seductive, but insidious.
seductive: adj.有魅力的; 性感的; 引人注意的
insidious: adj.暗中为害的; 潜伏的   proceeding in a gradual, subtle way, but with very harmful effects
    Hight blood pressure is an insidious condition which has few symptons.
reluctant: adj.勉强的; 不情愿的
    Many parents feel reluctant to talk openly with their children.