2019-03-13
London HIV patient's remission spurs hope for curing AIDS
HIV: human immunodeficiency virus
AIDS: acquired immune deficiency syndrome
remission: a temporary recovery n.缓解，暂时康复
    Scans after his forth treatment showed the cancer was in remission.
spur: v.促进，激励  n.马刺
stem-cell treatment: 干细胞疗法
A stem-cell treatment put a London cancer patient's HIV into remission, marking the second such reported case
and reinvigorating efforts to cure the AIDS-causing infection that afflicts some 37 million people globally.
reinvigorate: v.使恢复元气
    vigor: n.精力，活力     invigorate: v.使精力充沛
    The shower invigorates me.
infection: n.感染   infect v.   infectious adj.
afflict: vt.折磨，使痛苦
    Severe drought has afflicted the region.
    be afflicted with sb./sth.: The child was afflicted with a skin disorder.
    The disease afflicts about 650 people a year in Britain.
International AIDS Society: 国际艾滋病学会
That's too soon to label the treatment - which used hematopoietic stem cells from a donor with an HIV-resistance gene - as a cure.
hematopoietic stem: 造血干细胞
    hematopoietic: adj.造血的，生血的
donor: n.捐赠人；捐赠机构   donate v.   a blood donor
This new case confirms that bone marrow transplantation from a CCR5-negative donor can eliminate residual virus
and stop any traces of virus from rebounding.
bone marrow transplantation: 骨髓移植
    marrow: n.髓，骨髓；精华；活力
eliminate: v.消除，根除     to eliminate toxins from the body
residual: adj.剩余的，残留的    remaining at the end of a process
    I still felt some residual bitterness ten years after my divorce.
rebound: v.弹回，跳回，回升，反弹
Although it is not a viable large-scale strategy for a cure, it does represent a critical moment in the search for an HIV cure.
viable: adj.切实可行的  capable of working successfully
large-scale: adj.大规模的
antiretroviral: adj.抗逆转录病毒的
    viral: adj.病毒性的    retro- 向后
    anti- 反抗，对抗    antibiotic 抗生素   antibody 抗体
vaccine: n.疫苗     flu vaccine
halt: v.(使)停下，停止      halt infections
    We must halt the destruction of the rainforest.
    The solution lies in slowing or halting climate change.
reader: n.(英国大学的)准教授，高级讲师
honorary: adj.(尤指学位)荣誉的，名誉的  an honorary doctorate
    reader in infectious diseases and an honorary cosultant physician at Cardiff University
physician: (内科)医生   surgeon: (外科)医生
the emphasis needs to remain on sth.: 强调，重点
Util then, tha emphasis needs to remain on prompt diagnosis of HIV and initiation of life-long combination antiretroviral therapy.
prompt: adj.迅速的，及时的  a prompt reply
diagnosis: n.诊断   diagnosis of lung cancer
life-long: adj.终生的   a life-long friendship