2019-06-30
Homophobic and transphobic hate crimes surge in England and Wales
homophobic: adj.恐惧同性恋的
    -phobia n.极端恐惧, 憎恶    -phobic adj.
        technophobia n.恐惧新技术的人     technophobic adj.
    homo- 相同, 同样
        homosexual n./adj.
transphobic: adj.恐惧跨性别者的
    trans- 横穿, 超过
        transgender n./adj.跨性别
hate crime: 仇恨犯罪
    violent acts that are committed against people because of their race, religion or sexuality
surge: v.激增, 剧烈上升     synonym: increase
    surge to a record high
    There has been a surge in house prices recently.
Homophobic and transphobic hate crimes, including stalking, harassment and violent assault, have more 
than doubled in England and Wales over five years, a Guardian analysis has shown.
stalking: n.(在一段时期内)非法跟踪骚扰
    stalk vt.悄悄追踪或靠近(sth.); 非法跟踪, 监视
        a cat stalking a bird
        to stalk sb.
harassment: n.骚扰行为
    sexual harassment
    harass vt.   to harass sb.
assault: n.袭击, 攻击
    sexual assault
    assault 表示武力攻击
    attack 范围较广，可以表示肉体攻击或言语抨击
more than double / triple: 比两倍(三倍)还要多
spark: v.引起, 触发(尤指突发事件) n.火星, 火花
    The proposal sparked a storm of protest.
    The incident sparked widespread condemnation.
condemnation: n.谴责, 声讨      condemn v.
    There was widespread international condemnation of the bombing.
The rate of LGBT hate crime per capita rose by 144% between 2013-14 and 2017-18.
LGBT: Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, transgender 非异性恋者
per capita: adj.人均的 adv.
    per capita income
    The city has fewer banks per capita than elsewhere.
Campaigners said the rise could partly be down to better reporting but added that hatred was 
growing on British streets because of the rise of rightwing populism.
be down to: 由...引起(造成)
    Her problems were down to you / the job.
    It's down to me to find a suitable person for the job.
    It is all down to money in the end.
rightwing populism: 右翼民粹主义
alliance: n.(尤指国家或组织间的)联盟, 联合
    alliance manager 外联部经理
    a defensive alliance 军事防御联盟
the tip of the iceberg: 冰山一角
    tip 尖端
    The hate crime figures were likely to be "the tip of the iceberg".
We do believe the political climate has had an impact: people feel unsafe. What is happening in 
central government and all the scapegoating has an effect. We saw a spike in racist attacks after 
Brexit and there has been a steady increase since then.
climate: n.舆论趋势; 社会风气   a general attitude or feeling; an atmosphere or a situation
    I don't think we should expand our business in the current economic climate.
scapegoating: n.带人受罪, 帮人受过
    scapegoat n.替罪羊
        An employee was made a scapegoat for his boss's incompetence.
spike: n./v.激增; 猛涨 (= surge); n.长钉
    the oil price spike
    If price spikes continue, people will not be able to afford the new houses they want.
see: v.目睹; 见证
There is a long way to go before (sth. happens): 路漫漫其修远兮
    There was a long way to go before LGBT community was accepted in British society.
LGBT community: 性少数群体