2019-04-11
Why so many of the protagonists in horror films are mothers?
protagonist: n.(故事或戏剧中的)主角; 拥护者
    In life, everyone is the protagonist of their own story.
    pro- 赞成   antagonist: n.对立者; 敌人
Horror flicks, for all their sensationalist tendencies, have long interrogated expectations of motherhood.
flick: n.电影
    Dig a little deeper into the classic US westerns flicks, the influence of classic noir increasingly becomes apparent.
for all: 尽管
    For all his qualifications, he's still useless at the job.
sensationalist: adj.耸人听闻的
    a sensationalist headline
interrogate: v.盘问; 质询
    For four days, I was relentlessly interrogated because of Facebook posts.
Pregnancy is shown not as a blessed state but as a dangerous, gory trauma.
gory: adj.血淋淋的，血腥暴力的
    a gory film
    He went on to recycle gory descriptions of violent criminal gangs.
trauma: n.精神创伤
    childhood trauma
    the trauma of marriage breakdown
Childbirth is frightening, and the resulting offspring often even more so.
offspring: n.后代，子女
    My sister will come over on Saturday with her offspring.
The assumption that women ought to become sweet, caring homemakers has been undermined by casting them as villains.
assumption: n.臆断; 假定
    assume: v.臆断; 假定
    I assumed that they knew each other because they went to the same school.
undermine: v.损害; 削弱     under- 次, 亚, 低于
    Criticism undermines people's confidence.
cast (sb.) as: 把(某人)塑造为...
    They cast me as Romeo.
    He was often cast as the villain.
    They like to cast the opposing political party as the party of high taxes.
villain: n.反派(角色); 坏人； 罪犯
The characters are often ambivalent about the responsibilities and the expectations planed on them.
ambivalent: adj.(心情)矛盾的, 含糊不定的
    an ambivalent attitude to exercise
formidable: adj.(形容人)令人敬畏的; (形容事件)可怕的
    causing you to have fear or respect for something or someone because that thing or person is large, powerful, or difficult
    Other films have cast women as formidable heroes.
    Mrs.Clinton is a formidable opponent.
    a formidable challenge
survivalist: n.生存主义者
    the survivalist mother in "A Quiet Place"
take charge: 承担责任   to accept responsibility for something and have control over it
    He is more confident now, more willing to take charge.
Horror is most unsettling when it invites audiences to imagine danger in safe places, particularly the home, and so mothers make ideal protagonists.
unsettling: adj.令人不安的, 使人担忧的  making you feel anxious and worried
sb./sth. make sth.: ...就是做...的料子
    She will make an excellent teacher.
    The room would make a nice office.
At the same time, these figures allow film-makers to undermine assumptions that women are vulnerable, weak and fearful, 
as well as the idea that motherhood is always a rewarding experience.
figure: n.人物
    Other political figures pushed for unity, fearing division.
nuanced: adj.(外表、意义、声音等上的)有细微差别的
    This makes for complex and nuanced characters.
    nuance: n.(外表、意义、声音等上的)细微差别
        Some nuances are lost in translation.