2019-03-08
Vaccine could virtually eliminate cervical cancer: study
virtually: adv.几乎;实质上;事实上
vaccine: n.疫苗
    tetanus: n.破伤风   vaccine against tetanus / tetanus vaccine
    Contrary to rumors that some anti-vaccine activists continue to repeat, the vaccine does not cause autism.
    This work led to the development of a human vaccine called AN-1792.
cervical: adj.子宫颈的  cervical screening
    cervix: n.子宫颈
    Not to put too fine a point on it(毋庸讳言), cervical cancer kills.
The rapid scale-up of the human papillomavirus (HPV) vaccine could virtually eliminate cervical cancer in a handful of rich countries within three decades, 
and in most other nations by century's end;
century's end / the end of the century: 本世纪末
scale-up: n.扩大    the scale-up of 5G technology
    scale up: v.(规模)扩大,规模化
        It's not yet possible to scale up the experiment for mass production.
HPV: Human Papilloma Virus 人类乳头(状)瘤病毒
    papillma: n.乳头状瘤    lymphoma: n.淋巴瘤
    HIV: Human Immunodeficiency Virus 人类免疫缺陷病毒(艾滋病毒)
a handle of: 少量的
    She's only in close contact with a handful of friends.
    A handful of professional athletes make millions, but most do not do so well.
screening: n.(确定没有患某种病的)筛查，检查
    breast cancer screening
    It's worth a visit to your doctor for screening.
Without screening and HPV vaccination, more than 44 million women will likely be diagnosed with the disease over the next 50 years.
diagnose: v.诊断，判断  be diagnosed with
    He has recently been diagnosed with diabetes(糖尿病).
    When my husband was diagnosed, his doctors checked for underlying infections and allergies.
The Lancet Oncology, a medical journal: <<柳叶刀肿瘤学>>
The rapid deployment starting in 2020 of screening and vaccination could prevent more that 13 million cervical cancers by mid-century worldwide.
deployment: n.有效运用；部署    the act of using sth. effectively
    the deployment of AI technology
mid-century     the early 21st century      the late 21st century
threshold: n.门槛，界限，阈值，临界点
    on the threshold of sth.
    They're on the threshold of adulthood.
    on the threshold of a new era
    This is a potential threshold for considering cervical cancer to be eliminate as a major public health problem.
Despite the enormity of the problem, our findings suggest that global elimination is within reach.
enormity: n.庞大；严重性
    I'm anxious about the enormity of the responsibility.
within reach: 离某处很近，近在咫尺
    The apartment is within easy reach of the subway.
    Tha national team is well within reach of an Olympic gold medal.
lead: n.主角，带头人    lead author/actor/rool
strain: n.品种，变体    
    a high-yielding strain of wheat
    a new strain of the flu Virus
Clinical trials have shown that HPV vaccines are safe and effective against two HPV strains - types 16 and 18 
- responsible ofor 70 percent of cervical cancer cases.
undergo: v.(不太愉快的)experience       undergo screenings
prevalence: n.盛行；普遍，广泛  If sth. is prevalent, people don't necessarily like or dislike it.
    prevalent： adj.    prevalent view: 普遍的观点
below the bar of sth.: 低于某个标准
This would push the prevalence of the disease below the bar of 4/100,000 women in countries such as the United States, Canada, Britain and France by 2059.