2019-05-19
I.M. Pei, acclaimed architect who designed the Louvre's pyramid, dead at 102
acclaim: adj.被公开赞誉的   [latin原意: to cry out]
    acclaim v.公开赞誉
        He is acclaimed as the greatest science fiction writer of his generation.
pyramid: n.棱锥体
    the Pyramids 埃及金字塔
I.M.Pei, who was revered as one of the last great modernist architects, has died.
revere: v.崇敬  to respect sb. so deeply that you almost worship him
    Many Americans revere Martin Luther King.
    Many South Africans revere Nelson Mandela.
    Nelson Mandela is revered for his brave fight against apartheid.
the Louvre Museum: 卢浮宫
He gave us the glass and mental pyramid in the main courtyard, along with three smaller pyramids and
a vast subterranean addition to the museum entrance.
courtyard: n,(通常为城堡、大建筑的)露天庭院, 广场
    court: 1.建筑里封闭的小庭院 2.法庭
    yard: 多指建筑附近小片区域的院子, 比如小花园
subterranean: adj.底下的
    sub- 下面的     subtitle
    terr 土地       the Mediterranean n.地中海
    a subterranean river
addition: n.(建筑)扩展部分  a new part added to a house or other building
Pei was the first foreign architect to work on the Louvre in its long history. and initially his designs
were fiercely opposed. But in the end, the French - and everyone else - were won over.
initially: at the beginning
win over: 说服(sb.) to persuade sb. to support you or agree with you, often when they were opposed to you before
    win over sb. / win sb. over
    win over the undecided voters
    He's not sure about the idea, but I'm sure we'll win him over in the end.
    This is the last chance for the candidates to win over voters.
Winning the fifth Pritzker Architecture Prize in 1983, Pei was cited as giving the 20th century "some of
its most beautiful interior spaces and exterior forms ... His versatility and skill in the use of materials
approach the level of poetry."
sb. be cited as: 某人被表扬... 
versatility: n.多才多艺
    versatile adj.
    He wanted to challenge the actors and demonstrate their versatility.
approach: v.接近    comes near to
His East Building of the National Gallery of Art in Washington in 1978 altered people's perceptions of a museum.
alter: v.改变   change
trapezoid: n.不规则四边形[英]; 梯形[美]
    The site was an odd trapezoid shape.
crowd-pleasing: adj.大受欢迎的; 备受青睐的
    a crowd-pleasing comedy
    The resulting building was dramatic, light and elegant - one of the first crowd-pleasing cathedrals of modern art.
In person, I.M. Pei was dapper, good-humored, charming and unusually modest. His working process was evolutionary,
but innovation was never a conscious goal.
dapper: adj.(男子)穿着讲究的, 衣冠楚楚的
good-humored: adj.脾气好的      synonym: good-natured
    light-hearted adj.无忧无虑的
    bad-tempered adj.脾气暴躁的
evolutionary: adj.进化的; 演变的, 逐步发展的
    evolution
    revolutionary adj.革命性的; 剧烈的
    Modern architecture needed to be part of an evolutionary, not a revolutionary, process.
"Stylistic originality is not my purpose," he said. "I want to find the originality in the time, 
the place and the problem."
originality: n.独创性, 创造性
    original adj.
    We were impressed by the originality of the children's work.
exquisitely: adv.精美地; 精致地; 优雅地
    Their house is exquisitely furnished.