2019-04-01
Why India's election is among the world's most expensive
election = polling exercise = political campaign
costly: expensive
exercise: an activity that is designed to achieve a particular result
    The polling exercise wil cost an unprecedented 500 billion rupees.
unprecedented: adj.史无前例的; 空前的
    precedent: n.先例; 前例
    be hailed as: 被誉为...
    be hailed as an unprecedented success
rupee: n.卢比(印度和巴基斯坦等国的货币单位)
follow: v.密切关注
    The Columbia University lecturer has followed elections in India.
Specific data can be hard to pin down, but costs are rising in general as constituency sizes increase and 
more candidates join the gray.
pin down: 确定; 准确地描述
    pin: n.大头针
    The cause of the disease is difficult to pin down.
constituency: n.选区
    constituent: n.选民
fray: n.热闹的活动; 混乱的场面  an energetic and often not well-organized activity, fight, or disagreement
    enter / take part in the fray 加入纷争
It's a bunch of panicky candidates throwing money around to voters but also to vendors selling all kinds of stuff
useful in a political campaign.
throw money around: 肆意挥霍钱; 大手大脚花钱
a bunch of: 一束; 一大堆; 一大群
    He sent her a bunch of flowers.
    In the movie, a bunch of teenagers saved the world.
panicky: adj.惊慌失措的; 惶恐的
    panic: n.恐慌; 惊慌
    a panicky voice
    People were panicky because all accesses were flooded.
vendor: n.小贩; 摊主    sb. who is selling sth.
    a street vendor
    The vendor tried to tempt me with cherries and tangerines, but I was lost in my own thoughts.
pressured: adj.感到压力的, 被迫的
    feel pressured to do sth.
    Their peers feel pressured to hand out gifts like cash, alcohol, blenders and television sets.
blender: n.食物搅拌机   blend v.搅拌; 混合
rally: v.集合,召集;(使)团结 n.集会 to come together or bring people together in order to help or support sb./sth.
    rally the troops with chicken curry
Indian politicians crisscross the country, corralling locals into large tents where they're bombarded with campaign rhetoric.
crisscross: v.(在...范围内)纵横交错, 交叉
    Railway lines crisscross the country.
    The growing neighborhood is crisscrossed by subways and buses.
corral: v.把马或牛赶进畜栏; 把一群人集中起来(尤指控制起来) n.畜栏，围栏
    The teacher corralled the kids on the playground. 集合
be bombarded with: 被...连续轰炸; 被...围攻
    bombard sb. with...
    The child bombarded Lala with questions. = Lala was bombarded with questions.
rhetoric: n.雄辩言辞; 煽动性语言
dummy: adj.假的, 仿制的 n.人体模型; 仿制品
    dummy hamburgers
    "We do customized dummy cakes." reads a sign in the shop windows.
field: v.使参加活动(或比赛); 组织参加
    England fielded a young team in the World Cup.
    But even fielding dummy candidates can cost as much as 120 million rupees.
swag: n.营销活动等赠送的免费物品; (外貌举止)时髦自信
    Brand building: Make India Great Again swag 品牌塑造: "让印度再次伟大"的周边商品
    Everyone who attended the event got a swag bag.
    That girl's got swag.
upcoming: 即将来临的    upcoming elections
peddle: v.兜售; (尤指)挨家挨户销售
    He worked as a door-to-door salesman peddling cloths and brushes.
    There are T-shirts with a slogan "Namo Again" peddled by his camp.