2019-04-04
Reiwa(令和): how Japan's new era name is breaking tradition
era: n.时代，年代
    the digital era / the post-war era
    We are in an era of difficult choices.
Reiwa - Japan's new imperial era - adheres to the established naming custom in that it comprises two kanji and is easy to read and write.
imperial: adj.帝国的; 皇帝的
    empire n.帝国   emperor n.皇帝      the Empire State Building 帝国大厦
    Often the imperial territories were under military rule.
adhere to: 粘贴, 附着; 遵守, 忠于, 坚持
    The cells adhere to one another.
    We should adhere to our principle.
    For ten months he adhered to a strict no-fat low-salt diet.
    They failed to adhere to the terms of the agreement.
established: adj.已经确立的; 既定的
    establish v.
in that: 因为
    She was fortunate in that she had friends to help her.
comprise: v.包含, 包括; 组成
    The house comprises/is comprised of two bedrooms and a living room.
kanji: 日本汉字
The characters are taken from a stanza in a poem about plum blossoms that appears in Man'yoshu, the oldest existing
collection of Japanese poetry, compiled sometime after 759.
stanza: n.(诗歌的)节, 段
plum blossom: 梅花
    plum n.梅子    blossom n.花朵; 花簇
    peach blossom 桃花
compile: v.编写; 编纂
Placed in that literary context, the kanji can be read to mean "fortunate" or "auspicious", and "peace" or "harmony".
place: v.放置; 使处于...情况下
    place your hand on the shoulder
    be placed in the care of sb.
literary: adj.和文学有关的; 文学的  connected with literature
auspicious: adj.吉利的, 吉祥的
    an auspicious start
    The year of the pig in the Chinese calendar is associated with luck and wealth and thus an auspicious year to be born.
The naming of a new imperial era for Japan - and for only the third time in almost a century at that - carries enormous significance.
at that: (用于提供额外信息)而且
    She managed to buy a car after all - and a nice one at that.
reign: n.君主统治时期; 主宰期, 支配期
    the reign of James I
    The end of the war ushered in a new reign of peace and harmony.
encompass: v.包含; 包括     (synonym: include)
    The new era should encompass pride in the country's history and traditions along with hope for the future.
    Our job encompasses a wide range of responsibilities.
Not everyone shared the generally enthusiastic reception the new era name received on Monday, 
with some describing it as a throwback to prewar monarchism.
reception: n.反响; 欢迎 the type of welcome that is given to sb./sth.
    a warm / an enthusiastic reception
    We gave her a warm reception.
    receive a ... reception
throwback: n.回归; 返祖
    My whole outfit was a throwback to the 1970s.
    #throwback: hashtag
monarchism: n.君主主义      monarch n.君主，帝王
emeritus professor: n.荣誉退休教授
    e- = ex- 退出       meritus: v.赚取; 换取
news agency: 新闻社, 通讯社