2019-02-26
Lipstick in kindergarten? South Korean's K-beauty industry now aims for super young
K-beauty: Korean beauty 韩式美妆    K-pop 韩流      J-pop 日本流行乐
cosmetic 化妆品，护肤皮    makeup ∈ cosmetic
powerhouse: the group or organization that has a lot of power.  强大的组织或团体，龙头企业
    an emerging economic powerhouse
rigorous: 严厉的，细致的
    rigorous safety-check
regiment: 生活规则，养生之道，（文中特指美颜疗法）
exact: 苛求的，严厉的
    But exacting beauty norms also put enormous pressure on South Korean women.
plastic surgery
wear makeup / put on makeup
... show young girls sharing their "elementary school makeup routinue" and "unboxing my Hello Kitty makeup kit". 开箱视频
kit: 成套工具或服装     first-aid kit
This is hardly a trend that exclusive to South Korean. For decades, academics of all stripes have pored over the impact of pressure 
on teenagers and young women in the West to comform with unreasonable standards for appearence and body type.
stripe: (北美英语)类型，类别
pore over: 仔细阅读，钻研   pore over/through
comform with: 遵守，遵照    to comform with a strict dress code
From K-pop divas to K-beauty cosmetics, the market capitalizing on women's objectification has become a hyper-saturated 'red ocean' in South Korea.
divas: 著名女歌唱家，著名女歌手
capitalize on: to use sth. in a way that helps you 从中获利，利用...获利
    We should capitalize on every chance we get to improve our English.
objectification: 人格物化
    objectify: to treat people like objects, as if they had no feelings, opinions or rights of their own
        magazines that objectify women
hyper-:过度的，过于     hypercritical 过度挑剔的，吹毛求疵      hyper-saturated 过度饱和的
red ocean: 红海市场，早已存在的产业（竞争激烈残酷）
blue ocean: 蓝海市场，尚未成型、竞争不大且有利可图的未知市场
The market sees a 'blue ocean' for expansion in younger customers, ready to instigate and monetize their insecurities about their appearence.
instigate: 煽动，唆使   to instigate a riot
monetize: 使货币化，从中赚钱    to monetize YouTube
一个社会对于女性的追求度越高，物化女性的程度也就越严重。在韩国，物化女性甚至还被市场看做是一个有利可图商机。
一个尊重人性、包容博大的社会一定是允许形态各异、甚至是不打扮的女性存在的。爱美是人之常情，可是如果将美作为一个控制人的标准，并且这种美的标准异常单一的时候，这个社会就需要警觉了。