2019-05-15
K-pop stardom lures Japanese youth to Korea despite diplomatic chill
K-pop: Korean-pop 韩国流行音乐
stardom: n.明星的地位(或身份) the state of being famous as an actor, a singer, etc.
    -dom: 领域或状态
    From childhood, Britney Spears seemed destined for stardom.
lure: v.引诱, 诱惑 n.
    She was lured into the job by the offer of a high salary.
diplomatic: adj.外交的
    diplomatic negotiations
chill: n.寒冷; 冷淡     a coldness of manner
diplomatic chill: 外交遇冷
Yuuka Hasumi put high school in Japan on hold and flew to South Korea in Februrary to try her chances at becoming a K-pop star.
put sth. on hold: 暂停某事
    put the project on hold
She is one of an estimated one million other K-pop star wannabes, hoping to get a shot at super competitive auditions
by major talent agencies that will take on just a select few as "trainees".
wannabe: n.梦想成功(或出名)者   a person who is trying to become famous, usually unsuccessfully
shot: n.努力; 尝试 (用单数 a shot)
    I am not throwing away my shot.
audition: n.(演员、乐手、舞蹈演员等的)试镜, 试奏, 试唱, 试演 v.
    an audition for drama school
    I'm auditioning for the part of Lady Macbeth.
take on: [英式]雇佣(某人) to employ sb.
    The company will take on new staff
select few: 少数几人    a small number of people
trainee: n.练习生, 受培训者, 实习生
    a trainee dentist
The influx of Japanese talent that is reshaping the K-pop industry comes at a time of increasingly bitter
political acrimony between the two countries that has damaged diplomatic ties.
influx: n.涌进  the fact of a lot of people, money or things arriving somewhere
    a massive influx of visitors
    the influx of wealth into the region
acrimony: n.怨恨的言辞  angry bitter feelings or words
    The dispute was settled without acrimony.
tie: n.关系, 纽带 (常用pl.)
    family tie
That the tension has done little to dent the K-pop craze among Japanese youth, and the willingness by
Korean agencies to take on Japanese talent, speak to the strength of the ties between their people.
That he succeeded pleased me very much = It pleased me very much that he succeeded.
dent: v.打击, 削减
    dent one's enthusiasm / confidence
craze: n.(对突然出现并风靡一时的东西的)疯狂, 狂热
    crazy adj.
    the craze of health foods
speak to: 证明某事存在或正确
Some Japanese transplants have already made it big. The three Japanese members of the girl band Twice
helped make the group the second most popular act in Japan, after BTS.
transplant: n.移植
    a heart transplant
make it big: 功成名就   to become famous or successful
act: n.演出团体     a performing group
Agency officials are reluctant to discuss their success in Japan and the infusion of Japanese talent,
wary of fuelling a politically charged backlash, industry sources said.
infusion: n.注入, 灌输  the introduction of new element or quality into sth.
    an infusion of youthful talent
    an infusion of new blood
    infuse v.
        The novel is infused with sadness.
wary: adj.警惕的, 谨慎的
    wary of sth.
fuel: v.激起, 加强, 煽动
    to fuel rumours / fears
backlash: n.(社会或政治方面的)强烈反对; 强烈反响
industry sources: 业内人士