2019-03-07
Why do India and Pakistan keep fighting over Kashmir?
On Wednesday, Pakistani and Indian fighter jets engarged in a skirmish over Indian-controlled territory in the disputed border state of Jammu and Kashmir.
disputed: adj.有争议的
state: n.州，帮
fighter jet: 喷气式战斗机
skirmish: a short fight between small groups of soldiers
    THe border wall fight is just the preliminary skirmish in this new era of divided government.
incursion: a sudden attack n.突袭，袭击
Now there are fears(担忧) that hostilities could escalate between the two countries, which were created by the bloody partition of British India more than 
70 years ago and have coexisted uneasily(在摩擦中共存) ever since.
hostility: n.战争行为
escalate: v.逐步增强；逐步升高
partition: n.(国家的)分裂，分治
    In the fighting after partition(分裂)， more than a third of the city's buildings were destroyed.
The immediate cause was the Feb. 14 suicide bombing by a young Islamic militant, who blew up a convoy of trucks 
carrying paramilitary forces in Pulwama in southern Kashmir.
immediate: adj.直接的，立即的   having a direct effect
    immediate cause: direct cause
militant: n./v. 好斗的(人), 激进的(人)
    Trump is a militant reformer.
paramilitary force: 准军事部队，非官方部队
convoy: n.(尤指护卫)舰队，车队
    Convoys of U.S. aid were blocked from getting into Venezuela.
at work: 影响，起作用
    But there are alse broader political forces at work.
    The report suggested that secret influences were at work.
India's prime minister, Narendra Modi, is up for reelection in May, and he is eger to avenge a bombing that has stirrd outrage.
be up for: 准备好
    Qatar is up for 2022 World up.
avenge A on B: 为了A向B复仇     avenge sth./sb. : 替...报仇
stir: v.激起(尤指激发强烈的感情)
    If sth. stirs you, it makes you react with a strong emotion.
    Excitement stirred inside her.
outrage: n.愤慨;暴行 to provoke/stir public outrage
    provoke vt.驱使；激怒；煽动；惹起
    The latest proposal may not be groundbreaking enough to assuage the growing outrage.
Pakistan, for its part, has a new prime minister, Imran Khan, who was elected last year with the backing of his country's powerful military. 
Khan wants to show that he can stand up to India, even as the country's economy is so weak that he is seeking bailouts from Saudi Arabia and China.
for one's part: 就某物/某人来说
backing: n.支持，资助   with the backing of ...
stand up to: 抵抗，反抗
    He wasn't afraid to stand up to bullies.
    If you stand up to him, he'll probably back down.
bailout: n.紧急援助, (从经济上)帮助(某人或机构)脱离困境
    bail: n./v. 保释
    Three years of huge lossess forced the bank to seek a government bailout.
miscalculation: n.错算，误判
    All big wars have been due to miscalculation.
televised address: 电视演讲