2019-06-18
A new word for "condescending geezer" reveals a lot about hierarchy in South Korea
condescending: adj.高人一等的, 居高临下的
    I hate the way he's so condescending to his staff!
    condescend v.
        Will you condescend to visit us?
geezer: n.怪老头    a man, often old and unusual in some way
KKondae is a modern word of uncertain origin - perhaps an adaption of the English word "condescend".
It means an older person, usually a man, who expects unquestioning obedience from people who are junior.
hierarchy: n.等级制度   hierarchical adj.
    political hierarchy
adaption: n.适应, 化用  adapt v.
obedience: n.(人或动物的)服从, 听话     obey v.
    total / blind obedience
    Soldiers act in obedience to the orders.
    He demands unquestioning obedience from his soldiers.
South Koreans apply the word to everyone from narcissistic bossess to overbearing uncles and corrupt politicans.
narcissistic: adj.自恋的
    narcisus n.纳西索斯; 水仙花
overbearing: adj.专横的, 盛气凌人的
    bear v.
        I can't bear being bored.
corrupt: adj.腐败的, 贪污的; 堕落的 v./n.(使)腐败; (使)堕落
notorious: adj.臭名昭著的   well known for being bad  <-> famous
    a notorious criminal
    be notorious for sth.
        The company is notorious for paying its bills late.
length of service: 工龄
    length n.长度, 时长     service n.服务
South Korea is notorious for its suffocating workplace hierarchies based on age, sex and 
length of service. Many South Koreans are outraged when younger colleagues or relatives 
fail to use the correct honorific to address them.
honorific: n.敬语 adj.尊敬的, 敬称的
    an honorific title
suffocating: adj.令人窒息的; 压抑的
outraged: adj.勃然大怒的
The popularity of kkondae as an insult is a sign of change. Open rebellion against hierarchical 
strictures is still rare and frowned upon. But young people are beginning to question authority.
rebellion: n.反抗   rebel v.
    rebel against sb./sth.
    a rebellion against the new policy
stricture: n.约束, 限制     synonym: restriction
    financial stricture
    to impose a stricture on sth.
frown upon: 不赞成, 不许    frown v.皱眉
    Smoking is frown upon.
explain: v.导致, 促成
    Education partly explains this shift(改变).
take hold: 掌握控制权, 确立地位     to begin to have complete control over sb./sth.
    They got out of the house just before the flames took hold.
    The disease takes hold.
    Since democracy began to take hold in the country, belief in universal right has become stronger.
deference: n.尊敬, 尊崇
    This has encouraged people to question their defernce to others.
    defer v.    defer to
        I defer to Daniel's superior knowledge.
upstart: n.(尤指年轻人)突然发迹的人, 暴发户, 新贵
    a person who has risen suddenly to wealth or high position, especially one who behaves arrogantly.
    Some of today's young upstarts will not achieve the success they dream of.
yearn: v.渴望, 渴求     synonym: long
    yearn for sth. / yearn to do sth.
    They may find themselves yearning for the kind of deference their elders once automatically enjoyed.
    Sometimes I just yearn to be alone.
    yearn: 所代表的渴望会给人以焦躁和痛苦
        They're yearning for freedom.
    long: 更强调某人非常想要，并愿意为此付出巨大努力
        She longed to become a successful writter.
critic: n.批评者, 反对者
    Today's kkondae critics may grow up to be kkondae.
get away with: 做(错事)而未被惩罚, 做(坏事)而未被发觉 to do sth. wrong and not to be punished for it
    But whether tomorrow's young people will let them get away with that is doubtful.
    She's determined that her students will not get away with plagiarism(抄袭).
    Don't think you can get away with telling lies.