2019-05-09
Starbucks' China challenger Luckin to raise up to $800 million in U.S. IPO: sources
raise: v.筹集; 筹钱
Lukin Coffee Inc, the Chinese challenger to Starbucks Corp, filed on Monday for a U.S. initial public
offering (IPO) through which, sources said, it is looking to raise up to $800 million.
challenger: n.(体育、政治领域中的)挑战者
    challenger to/for sth.
Inc: abbr.股份有限公司(Incorporated)
Corp: abbr.大公司(Corporation)
IPO: initial public offering (公司股票的)首次公开发行(募股), 上市
    offering: sth. that is specially produced to be sold [金融]用于出售的股票
file: v.提出申请 n.文件, 档案   to present sth. so that it can be officially recorded and dealt with
    file for sth.
        file for divorce
be looking to do sth.: 试图找到做某事的方法 to try to find ways of doing sth.
The Beijing-based coffee chain set a placeholder amount of $100 million to indicate the size of the IPO and did not 
disclose the number of shares it would offer, a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission showed.
地名+based: 总部/基地在...地方
placeholder: n.占位符
    place n.位置    hold v.把某物保持在某个位置
disclose: v.透露, 揭露  synonym: reveal
    The spokesman refused to disclose details of the takeover to the press.
filing: n.存档档案, 存档记录
    file v.归档
    a bankruptcy filing
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission: 美国证券交易委员会
securities: n.证券
commission: n.(政府管控或调查某事的)委员会
    a commission on environmental pollution
Lukin has waged its cash-burning caffeine war with generous subsidies, speedy delivery 
and viral promotions on social media, which in turn has also pushed Starbucks to form a tie-up 
with local tech giant Alibaba to deliver coffee to customers.
wage: v.发动(战争); 组织(活动)  n.工资, 报酬
    wage a war / a campaign
caffeine: n.咖啡因, 咖啡碱
    Try to avoid too much caffeine caff
subsidy: n.津贴, 补贴
    The government is planning to increase housing subsidies for the poor.
viral: adj.病毒的; 病毒般传播的
    Within the days the film clip went viral.
tie-up: n.联合, 合作
    tie up 捆绑; 扎紧
According to the prospectus, its acquisition cost per new customer decreased to 16.9 yuan in the first quarter of 2019.
prospectus: n.(学校的)招生简章; (企业的)招股说明书
acquisition: n.获得
    acquire v.获得; 买到
The big question for the brand long term is if, when it rolls back discounts, enough customers stick around.
roll back sth.: (逐渐)减少; 削减某物
    roll back prices / taxes
stick around: 停留, 逗留
    I'll stick around here a bit longer.
    Shanghai-based principal
principal: n.企业或者机构的负责人
But the company has completely rewritten the rules for the coffee business in China and 
has impacted Starbucks as well as a host of smaller players.
a host of: 许多; 一大群
    a host of children / issues
    A host of showbusiness celebrities have shown their support.