2019-05-03
'Italian state betrayed me': life after turning mafia informant
mafia: n.黑手党(起源于意大利西西里的犯罪组织，现活跃于意大利和美国)
    On staten Island, Todt Hill is known for its mafia history.
informant: n.线人，告密者   sb. who gives information to another person or organization
Known as Italy's Donnie Brasco, the alias of the FBI agent who infiltrated the mafia in New York in late 70s.
early 80s, Gianfranco Franciosi, or Giannino as everyone calls him, now lives in a caravan in northern Italy.
alias: n.(尤指犯罪用的)化名，假名
infiltrate: v.(使)潜入，(使)渗透
    The CIA agents successfully infiltrated into the terrorist organization.
    The headquarters had been infiltrated by enemy spies.
caravan: n.(居住用的)大篷车，房车
    The golfers traveled in auto caravans from one tournament to another.
cartel: n.卡特尔，同业联盟
    drug cartels 贩毒集团
narco: 毒枭，毒贩[西班牙语]
Giannino is one of many former police informants and state witnesses used in antimafia operations who then become
victims of a broken system that is unable to provide safety and support, primarily because of budget constraints.
state witness: 污点证人
constraint: n.限制, 约束
In Italy, the problem of judicial recognition and witness protection has become serious and widespread.
judicial: adj.司法的，法院的
    just: adj.公正的
    judicial powers 司法权力; the judicial system 司法制度
instrument: n.器具; 手段
clan: n.(享有共同利益的)群体, 集团; 家族
    the Medici clan 美第奇家族
    mafia clans 黑手党集团
interior ministry: 内政部
    interior adj.内部的
But the state no longer has the necessary economic resources to protect collaborators.
collaborator: n.合作者; 通敌分子; 卖国贼    a person who helps the enemy in a war
start over: 重新开始; 重做  synonym: start afresh
    Very few informants manage to start over.
    A new house can give you the chance to start over.
mobster: n.歹徒，犯罪团伙成员   synonym: gangster
    On Jan. 10, 1999, a mobster walked into a pyschiatrist's office.
at large: 普遍的, 全体地; 逍遥法外, (罪犯)在逃
    1.(of a dangerous person or animal) not captured; free  2.in general
    the opinion of the public at large.
    This group is not representative of the population ar large.
    The killer/mobsters is still at large.