2019-03-26
Americans are going bankrupt from getting sick
Medical debt is a uniquely American phenomenon, a burden that would be unfathomable in many other developed countries.
bankrupt: adj.倒闭的，破产的    go bankrupt
    -rupt 打破
unfathomable: adj.高深莫测的; 不可理解的    difficult or impossible to understand 
    an unfathomable theory
    fathom: v.弄明白; 搞清楚
Nearly 60 percent of people who have filed for bankruptcy said a medical expense "very much" or "somewhat"
contributed to their bankruptcy.
file: v.正式提出(申请), 送交(备案)
    file for bankruptcy
"very much" or "somewhat": 或多或少地
Emergency-room visits and planned surgical procedures are the most common causes of large medical bills the patients simply can't afford to pay.
surgical procedures: surgery 外科手术
cover: 上保险，承保 to protect sb. against loss, damage, accident, or have sth. stolen by having insurances
    The hospital is covered by a person's insurance network.
balance billing: 差额账单
    a situation that can lead to something called balance billing.
bizarre: adj.怪诞的，异乎寻常的 very strange and unusual
    a person in a bizarre outfit
loophole: n.(法律、合同等的)漏洞，空子
    loop 圆圈   hole 孔，空子
    a legal loophole 法律的空子
    to close/address a loophole 堵住漏洞
Sometimes, bizarre loopholes kick in at the darkest moments, like the fact that a baby would be covered upon
birth under Medicaid or the Chilren's Health Insurance Program, but a stillbirth might not be covered.
kick in: 开始生效，起作用 to start to have an effect or to happen
    The painkiller kicked in.
upon: prep.一...就...
    Upon arrival, they went in search of a hotel.
stillbirth: n.死胎，(婴儿)死产
    stillborn: adj.胎死腹中的   stillborn plot
spokesperson: n.发言人
    spokesman   spokeswoman
Still some patients do wind up with medical debt, which discourges them from seeking medical care, because they
fear they will incur even more debt if they go to the doctor again.
wind up: 以...告终，最终沦落到...   synonym: end up
    He would wound up as a millionaire.
incur: v.招致，遭受 to experience sth., usually sth. unpleasant, as a result of actions you have taken
    incur substantial losses
    incur finds
    incur the wrath of a friend
In the end, they get sicker, and risk plunging even further into debt.
plunge into: v.负债，使陷入
    America is plunging into recession.
When everything fails, and the person is at imminent risk of having wages garnished because they've been sued for
medical debt, it might be time to file for bankruptcy.
imminent: adj.(尤指令人不愉快的事)即将发生的，逼近的
    an imminent disaster
    Many species of animal are at imminent danger of extinction.
sue: vt.控告; 请求  vi.控告; 提出请求
garnish: v.为偿付债务(或理赔)而扣押(钱财，尤指个人薪资)
tip of an/the iceberg: 冰山一角，问题的一小部分
    The people who do become the tip of a very big debt iceberg.