2019-05-12
Michelle Obama's memoir sells more than 10m copies
Michelle Obama's autobiography, Becoming, is on track to become the most successful memoir in modern 
publishing history, selling more than 10m copies to date.
memoir: n.回忆录; 自传  an account written by sb., especially sb. famous, about their life and experiences.
    memory
copy: n.(书、报纸等的)一本, 一册
    The library has copies of national and local newspaper.
autobiography: n.自传
    auto- 自己      biography n.
    autobiography 强调作者对事实详细、准确地记录
    memoir 允许作者根据自己的需要，对事实进行艺术加工
on track: 有望成功  making progress and likely to succeed
    be on track to do sth.
        She is on track to be promoted.
parent company: 母公司
Bertelsmann: 贝塔斯曼集团
Penguin Random House: 企鹅兰登书屋
title: n.(书的)一种, 一本
    Last year they published over 15,000 new titles.
    It has become the biggest publisher of new poetry in Britain, with 50 new titles a year.
giant: n.(成功且有影响力的)巨头, 大公司; 伟人 adj.  a very successful and powerful person or organization
    political giant
    The title was the book giant's biggest success of the last year.
Penguin Random House won a bidding war for the rights to Barack and Michelle Obama's autobiographies in 2017,
paying more than $65m, a record for US presidential memoirs.
bidding war: 竞标大战
record: n.最高纪录, 最佳成绩; 记录  the best result
    to break a record; to set a new record; to hold a record
presidential: adj.总统的; 与总统有关的
    president n.
    presidency n.总统职位; 总统任期
    a presidential election; a presidential year
Becoming has been a global sales juggernaut since being launched in 31 launched in 31 languages simultaneously in mid-November.
juggernaut: n.不可抗拒的强大力量; 无法控制的机构; 重型货车
simultaneously: adv.同时地  things happening or being done at exactly the same time
    synonym: at the same time
    Two students answered the teacher's question simultaneously / at the same time.
audiobook: n.有声读物
    audio adj.听觉的, 声音的
        audio tape 磁带
put out: 生产
    The audiobook has become the fastest-ever seller put out by Penguin Random House.
appearance: n.(公开)露面; 外表  an occasion when someone appears in public
    It was his first appearance on televisioin as president.
    Tickets for her first live appearance in the UK sold out in minutes.
Overall UK sales of Obama's book currently stand at more than 600,000, ranking it 11th on the list of 
bestselling memoirs and biographies since sales records began in 1998.
stand (at): 处于...状态
    The national debt stands at 55 billion dollars.
bestselling: adj.畅销的
biography: n.传记
Life beyond the US presidency has proved lucrative for the Obamas.
lucrative: adj.赚钱的, 盈利的
    lucre n.收益; 钱财; 利润
Last year the former president and first lady struck a deal with Netflix to produce 
TV series and films for the streaming service.
strike a deal: 达成协议
    strike v.击打; 引起     deal n.交易; 协议
    You have to strike a deal with the victim.