2019-05-07
Why are airlines so keen on the fantasy of the Mile-High Barbie?
keen: adj.非常有兴趣的, 对某事着迷的    very interested
    keen on sth.
fantasy: n.幻想; 想象
How did it come to this - women required to produce a sick note because they've been struck down by ... unsexiness?
produce: v. 拿出; 出示某物(以供检查或供他人使用)    show sth. or offer sth.
    To rent a car, you have to produce a passport and a driving license.
be struck down: (因疾病袭击而)病倒; 丧命
    strike v.突然袭击
    I was struck by a flu, and have to take a few days off.
It seems that Norwegian Air requires female flight attendants to wear heels, or have a note from the doctor.
flight attendant: 空乘人员
    stewardess; air hostess
heel: n.脚跟; 鞋跟
    heels 高跟鞋 <-> flat shoes
    low-heels 低跟鞋;  high-heels 高跟鞋
How mortifying for Norway: in 2018, the country was rated second for equality, after Iceland, in the Global Gender Gap report.
mortifying: adj.令人难为情的; 令人尴尬的
    How mortifying to find that he was right!
steward: n.(飞机的)乘务员
    female/male steward
Virgin ditched requirements for heels and makeup, with others following suit.
ditch: v.摒弃; 丢弃
follow suit: 仿效   to follow the example set
    When one store reduces its prices of products, the rest usually follow suit.
It seems that we're finally starting to see off the oversexualised "air hostess" cliche， but how has it taken so long?
see off: 目送(某人); 打败, 停止
    see sb. off: to defeat or stop
        see off the enemy
oversexualised: adj.过度性化的
    sexualise v.性化
cliche: n.陈词滥调, 老生常谈    sth. that has become overly familiar or commonplace
    It's a cliche but it is believed that the wedding day is the happiest day of our life.
Air travel isn't alone when it comes to chauvinistic grooming diktats.
chauvinistic: adj.[政治]沙文主义的(极端的、过分的爱国主义); 大男子主义的
groomming: n.(人的)打扮; 装束
    grooming policy
diktat: n.勒令; 死命令
    The university issues a diktat that all students must attend early-morning practice.
Officially or unofficially, illegally or otherwise, women have routinely been pressured to dress quasi-sexually for work.
quasi-: 类似...; 准...
    quasi-official adj.准官方的, 半官方的
a kind of sth.: 对某事或某物的描述是不准确的 [imf.]
    I had a kind of feeling this might happen.
    It's a kind of chauvinistic laziness - an easy (and gratuitous) way to keep sex in the mix.
Never mind that the flight attendants may have preferred comfort, elegance and dignity to styling that 
came perilously close over the years to Mile-High Barbie.
gratuitous: adj.无偿的; 免费的 free
in the mix: in the situation
perilously: adv.危险地
    We came perilously close to the accident.
On and off ground, airline staff have a big job to do - safeguarding the wellbeing and security of passengers.
wellbeing: (健康上/心情状态上的)好的状态
As with all work environments, if men aren't required to totter about in heels, why on earth are women?
totter: v.跌跌撞撞
why on earth: 究竟为什么
    how/what/where/who on earth...
    How on earth did this happen?
    Why on earth didn't you tell me before?