2019-03-22
Facebook's live streaming is criticized after mosque shooting
live streaming: 网络直播
    streaming media 流媒体
mosque: 清真寺
spread across: 跨领域、跨平台传播
yet again: 屡次，再次   He failed yet again.
scrub: v.(尤指用硬毛刷、肥皂和水)擦洗，刷洗
    scrub the floor / scrub yourself
    Platforms including Twitter Inc. and YouTube said they moved fast to scrub any content related to the incident from their sites.
widely available: 随处可见的    [ubiquitous]
    People reported it was still widely available hours after begin first uploaded the alleged shooter's Facebook account.
alleged: adj.(尤指在证据不足的情况下)被指控的   stated as a fact but without any proof
    allege v.
Facebook Chief Executive Officer Mark Zuckerberg has acknowledged the difficulty of policing content from the 2.7 billion users that power
Facebook's wildly profitable advertising engine.
police: v.控制，监督    to monitor
power the engine 驱动引擎
    The aircraft is powered by a jet engine.
The company's business model depends on showing people posts they're most apt to have an emotional reaction to, which often has the side effect
of amplifying fake news and extermism.
be apt to: 易于做的，常做的 be likely to or having a natural tendency to do sth.
    be apt to be forgetful
side effect: n.副作用，连带后果
amplify: v.扩大，增强   to increase sth.
    to amplify a signal
    After 2016, there is more awareness of society's bias and of the media's role in amplifying it.
extremism: n.极端主义，偏激的观点
Indeed, the livestream of the murders highlights how technology helped the alleged shooter connect with like-minded people online.
like-minded: adj.意见相同的，想法一致的，兴趣相投的
    Dozens of like-minded organizations will host training sessions for candidates.
take down: 撤下，删除   take down the video
contractor: n.承包商，承包方；合同制员工
sift through: 详细筛查  to examine sth. very carefully in order to decide what is important or to find sth. important
    sift through posts to take down offensive content
    Critical thinking can give us tools to sift through information.
    We must sift throught the evidence very carefully before we come to any conclusions.
    sift: v.筛，过滤
        sift to flour into a large bowel
offensive: adj.冒犯的，令人不适的，厌恶的
artificial intelligence algorithms:
    More recently, the company said it made changes to its recommendation algorithms.
    The company already uses it to identify nudity and terrorist content.
nudity: n.赤裸，裸体(常指影视剧的裸体画面)
    nude: 绘画、摄影、雕塑这种艺术领域的裸体人像
sort: v./n. 把...分类，筛选，整理
    sort through: sort through the mail
    The recount process required sorting through more than a million pages of ballots.
sophisticated: 精密的，复杂的，老练的   clever and complicated in the way that it works or is presented.
    But at the moment, even the most sophisticated AI software struggles in categories where context matters.
hate speech: 仇恨演讲，仇恨言论
    Hate speech is one of those areas.