2019-05-16
Scientists discover how mosquitos detect human sweet
Scientists have known for decades that mosquitos are attracted to the lactic acid contained in human sweat,
but in the era before advanced genetics, the precise mechanism had remained a mystery.
mosquito: n.蚊子
detect: v.探测, 检测, 测出
    synonym: discover
    detect symptoms of the disease
    detect radiation
lactic acid: 乳酸
    lactic adj.乳汁的   acid adj.酸味的; 说话尖钻刻薄的
    acid fruit 酸的水果     acid remark 尖酸刻薄的话
era: (具有任何特点的)时代, 时期
    the era of artificial intelligence.
    The era of 5G networks is dawning.
mechanism: n.机械零件; 运行机制
    machine
    the mechanism of the brain  /   the immune system's mechanism
A team of researchers have discovered the olfactory receptor that allows the disease-carrying insects
to hone in on our odor - and how to switch it off.
olfactory: adj.嗅觉的
    the olfactory cells in the nose
receptor: n.感受器; 受体    to focus or concentrate on sth.
hone in on: (导弹)瞄准(轰炸目标); 聚焦, 锁定在某物上    to focus or concentrate on sth.
    The missile honed in on the ship.
    home in on; zero in on
odor: n.气味    a quality of sth. that stimulates the olfactory organ   (synonym: smell)
    the odor of rotting fruit
    the odor of chocolate
switch off: 关闭(电灯/机器); [生物]关闭(受体)   synonym: turn off
They published their work on the Aedes aegypti mosquitos, known for spreading deadly illnesses like Zika, dengue and yellow fever.
on: 涉及某个学科或主题(经常用于论文或书籍)
    a book on insects
    Her thesis is on American literature.
Aedes aegypti: 埃及伊蚊
Zika: 寨卡(病毒)    dengue: 登革热      yellow fever: 黄热病
deadly: adj.致命的  fatal
guilty receptor: 罪魁祸首的受体
process of elimination: 排除法
mutant: adj.变体的, 变异的  n.突变体; 变种人
Tasked with investigating IR8a, Raji began by carrying out an exposure experiment using his own arm,
and found the mutant mosquitos were significantly less attracted to him than wild ones.
task sb. with sth.: 给某人委派某项任务
exposure experiment: 暴露实验
subject: n.接受实验者; 实验对象
    The outcome was confirmed through testing on 14 additional subjects.
The findings could offer a roadmap for a new generation of attractants that lure adult specimens 
into traps for population control, as well as advanced repellants that make people invisible to 
mosquitos - thought that could be some way away.
specimen: (某一生物)个体
roadmap: n.路线图; 计划, 指导   a plan or set of instructioins that makes it easier for sb. to do sth.
    same as: road map       synonym: guideline
attractant: n.引诱剂
    attract v.吸引      -ant 用作...的东西
repellant: n.驱虫剂, 驱蚊剂
    repel v.驱赶, 击退   -ant 用作...的东西