2019-06-23
NASA picks three companies to send cargo to the moon
NASA: 美国国家航天局 National Aeronatics and Space Administration
cargo: n.(船或飞机装载的)货物
    cargo ship 货船
    seizure of cargo 扣押货物
Three small companies that built robotic lunar landers are getting big business from NASA.
business: 业务, 生意(往往不需要定冠词)
    Internet dating is big business.
lunar lander: 月球着陆器
    lunar adj.月亮的    lunar calendar
    land v.着陆, 落地   orbit v.沿着轨道运行
    lander n.着陆器, 着陆舱     orbiter n.轨道飞行器
...-based / ...of...: 总部位于...
    Texas-based Intuitive Machines; Astrobotic of Pittsburgh
executive: n.主管领导, 管理人员
    CEO: chief executive officer
    She is now a senior(高级的) executive, having worked her way up through the company.
administrator: n.(公司、机构的)管理人员, 行政人员
    NASA Administration 局长, 一把手
    administration n.行政管理机构
    CIA: Central Intelligence Agency    局长: CIA Director
push: v.推; 推行, 推进, 使发展
    push the plan
    push the point 强调某种观点
    Don't push yourself too hard.
    NASA has been publicly pushing its plan to return astronauts to the moon within five years.
"That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind."
The program is called Artemis, and it would mark the first crewed deep-space mission in nearly half a century.
mark: v.标志着, 意味着; 成为
    The success marks a turning point in his career.
    The signing of the treaty marked a major milestone on the road to European Union.
crew: v.给(飞机、航空器、船)配备工作人员 n.(船或飞机上的)全体工作人员
    The boat is crewed by 5 people.
deep-space: 外太空 outer space
The program, however, faces political hurdles, and it's not clear where the money will come from.
hurdle: n.跨栏比赛中的栏架      synonym: obstacle; difficulty
    Getting a visa was the first hurdle to overcome.
NASA and others want to create a lunar outpost that would require large amounts of infrastructure 
and the technology to do things like convert the moon's water ice into rocket fuel.
infrastructure: 基础设施
    infra-: below 在...下面, 在...基础层面
outpost: n.前哨基地
    a military outpost
there's: 那儿有...
a hub of: ...的中心     synonym: center
    commercial hub
    Chicago is a hub of airline traffic.
    Ultimately, the lunar outpost could become a hub of commercial and government activity.
    That restaurant has served as a hub of the community for decades.
NASA's vision for human habitation on the moon will drive the cislunar economy to grow exponentially.
habitation: n.居住  the act of living in a place
cislunar: adj.位于地球和月球之间的, 地月的
    cis-: on this side 离我们更近的一侧
exponentially: adv.成指数倍增地
    exponent n.指数
    The social security budget(社保预算) rose exponentially.
    Over time, the number of refund requests have increased exponentially.