2019-04-17
The Guardian view on the Notre Dame fire: we share Framce's terrible loss
Notre Dame: 巴黎圣母院  [法: Notre-Dame de Paris]
share sb.'s loss: 哀思与...同在(哀悼词)
    Sorry for your loss. / I share your loss.
It feels as though the very heart of Framce and the soul of Europe have been suddenly and viciously ripped out.
very: adj.(用于强调名词)同一的，恰好的
    This is the very book I've been looking for all month.
viciously: adv.残忍地; 严重地
    The victim vas viciously assaulted.
rip out: 扯掉, 扯下 to remove sth.
The fire that coursed through large sections of Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris on Monday evening was an act of blind
and terrible destruction that causes a great stab of emotional pain to us all.
course: v.1.蔓延; 奔流; 大量流动 2.席卷; 流行 to flow quickly or in large amount
    A new wave of idealism in coursing through our school.
    You could almost hear the blood coursing through her veins as she passed the finishing line.
act: 行为; 事件; 作为   sth. that should do
    an act of pure evil
blind: adj.(事件/情况)不可被人为控制的
    the blind force of nature
stab: n.一阵难受(或正面情绪), 刺痛; 被(刀)刺的伤口
    a stab of excitement / worry / guilt
    Her criticism of the company's plans was a stab at the chairman himself.
strike: v.(疾病/灾难)突然降临
    The fire struck quickly and seemingly uncontrollably.
It gathered force with immense power and ferocity, engulfing much of the roof and the central spire as it caught hold.
ferocity: n.狂暴，凶残，凶猛
engulf: v.吞没，包围
    en- 放在...之中     gulf 深渊
spire: n.尖塔; 塔尖
    When the spire collapsed, all those layers of history seemed to evaporate.
catch hold (of sth.): 突然抓住sth.
The Paris fire brigade was unable to begin to get part of the fire under some degree of control and to protect the parts 
of the cathedral that may survive. As night fell, the great west towers still stood against the sky, proud by vulnerable.
brigade: n.旅, 队
Dame is the embodiment of the French capital and of France itself.
    Gothic architecture 哥特式建筑
embodiment: n.体现; 具体化; 化身
    the embodiment of evil
    em- 构成动词    empower v.授权  embody v.体现
        She embodies everything I admire in a teacher.
It was here that the liberation of Paris in 1944 was marked in a service of thanksgiving.
mark: v.纪念，庆祝  to celebrate or officially remember an event
service: n.礼拜仪式, 祈祷仪式   a formal religious ceremony
It is world famous not simply as an iconic Parisian building but through the writing of Victor Hugo, who in his novel
Hunchback of Notre Dame made the building itself come alive.
iconic: adj.符号的; 偶像的; 标志性的
    icon: n.符号; 偶像  a famous person or thing that people admire and see as a symbol of a particular idea, way of life, etc.
come alive: 栩栩如生, 活现
    make sth. come alive
    make the characters come alive
The cathedral will rise again in time. This terrible fire is not an event that should be trivialised or banalised.
We stand with France in its hour of heartbreak. We will never, ever, turn away.
trivialise: v.使显得琐碎或不重要; 轻视
    "We will not allow the victims of the Nazis to be trivialised," she said.
    trivial: adj.微不足道的
        a trivial matter
banalise: v.使陈腐; 使平凡; 使庸俗
    banal: adj.平庸的
        banal pop songs
turn away: 转过脸去; 拒绝   to move your face so you are not looking at sth.
    I have to turn away.
    When they show an operation on TV, I have to turn away.
    turn sb. away
        He had nowhere to stay so we couldn't turn him away.
        Hard times are forcing community colleges to turn away students.
The Hunchback of Notre-Dame 《巴黎圣母院》/《钟楼怪人》