2019-06-20
Too Many People Want to Travel
Late in May, the Louvre closed. The museum's workers walked out, arguing that overcrowding at the 
home of the Mona Lisa and the Venus de Milo had made the place dangerous and unmanageable. "The 
Louvre suffocates," the workers' union said in a statement written in French, citing the “total 
inadequacy" of the museum’s facilities to manage the high volume of visitors.
walk out = go on strike 罢工
suffocate: v.(使)窒息而死   to die from lack of air or inability to breathe
cite: v.1.引用某人说的话 2.用例子证明结论
total: 强调程度大 = complete
    He is a total fool.
inadequacy: not enought to meet demands or requirements
A confluence of macroeconomic factors and changing business trends have led more tourists crowding 
to popular destinations. That has led to environmental degradation, dangerous conditions, and the 
immiseration and pricing-out of locals in many places.
confluence: n.融合; 汇集    the place where two rivers flow together and become one
    the confluence of the Blue Nile and the White Nile
    a confluence of negative events
degradation: n.恶化, 损坏
    degrade: v.1.(人)降低身份; 侮辱人格; 2.(事物)退化; 削弱
        All paid jobs absorb and degrade the mind.  - Aristotle
    a degradation of his personality
    evironmental degradation 环境恶化
        Ideally, polluters would pay the true costs of the environmental degradation they cause.
immiseration: n.经济贫困 = economic impoverishment
    misery
pricing-out: n.漫天要价
    price v.
    The car is priced at $28,000.
    price sth. out of the market 因开价过高而无人问津
have sb. doing sth.: 让...遭遇...
    It has cities around the world asking one question: Is there anything to be done about being too popular?
    This has/got me wondering ...
too much of a good thing: excess may do you harm 物极必反
    There's too much of a good thing in some of these scenic spots (经典).
    Can one desire too much of a good thing?
    The model is beautiful but wears too much jewelry - it's just too much of a good thing.
do one's part: 尽某人职责
    We haven't ask you to do anything extra, just do your part.
    Mayors and city councils are dooing their part to take it away.
take sth. away: 消除(一些痛苦、不好的事情)
    take the pain away.
roll out: 1.开展, 实行(新制度) 2.飞机试飞  to make a new product, service, or system available for the first time
    The government has rolled out a series of tax cuts over the next few years.
    Governments are rolling out regulations.
    The President pledged(承诺) Friday to roll out the biggest public works program in decades.
Those kinds of measures stand to become more important in the coming years, as the global middle 
class gets bigger, social media more ubiquitous, and travel cheaper.
stand to: 可能会(做某事)
    is likely to
ubiquitous: adj.普遍的, 无处不在的
    the ubiquitous shared bikes
    We be plagued by the ubiquitous mosquito.
These phenomena inevitably mean more complaints from locals, and more damage and lines and selfies and 
bad behavior. But they also mean more cross-cultural exposure, more investment, more global connection, 
more democratization of travel, and perhaps more awe and wonder. Even overtourism has its upsides.
inevitably: adv.不可避免的
    Their arguments inevitably end in cars.
cross-: 跨过, 穿过
    cross-border trade
democratization: n.民主化
    democracy
awe: n./v.敬畏
    be in awe of sth.
        be in awe of nature
upside: n.优点; 好处
    synonym: advantage      antonym: downside
    Everything has its upsides.
    It's annoying that we can't travel until Thursday, but the upside is that tickets are cheaper then.