2019-04-08
Not so fantastic: can Japan end its love affair with plastic?
fantastic: 极好的，棒的
    You look fantastic in this dress.
love affair: 挚爱, 热爱; 风流韵事
    Someone has a love affair.
    Someone is involved in a love affair.
    He has a love affair with hamburgers.
From bento boxes to individually wrapped bananas, plastic reigns supreme in Japan.
bento: n.便当; 盒饭
individually: adv.分别地, 单独地
    No longer will they be individually rewarded for reaching sales targets, or punished for falling short.
    individual: n./adj.
        Every individual has equal rights.
wrap: v.(用纸、布或其他材料)包，裹
    She wrapped the present and tied it with ribbon.
reign supreme: 主宰, 占统治地位; 盛行
    Love reigned supreme in her heart. 她的心被爱情完全占据了。
    reign: v.主宰; 盛行
        Queen Victoria reigned over Britain.
    supreme: adj.至高无上的
But amid global concern about single-use waste, new legislation could help end the country's love affair with plastic.
amid: prep.在...当中    (synonym: among)
single-use: adj.一次性的
legislation: n.法律; 立法   legislate: v.
The push comes ahead of the G20 summit, which Japan will host in Osaka in June.
Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's government wants to use the meeting to push for an agreement on reducing marine plastic waste.
push: n./v.推动 [文中: 立法]
push for sth.: 努力争取某事
summit: n.峰会; 顶会
    If needed, he will call a summit next week.
marine plastic waste: 海洋塑料垃圾
But the country's own record on single-use is hardly exemplary.
exemplary: adj.优异的; (可作)楷模的
    exemplar n.范本，范例
    Your paper is exemplary.
per capita: 人均(地) [formal]
    The per capita income in the country is very high.
    The low levels of per capita income, domestic savings and investment and a small tax base limits domestic resources.
    France and Germany invest far more per capita in public transport than Britain.
    Japan generates more plastic packaging waste per capita than any other country except the United States.
unveil: v.(首次)公开; 将...公之于众 show or announce publicly for the first time
    unveil a test version
    The carmaker will also unveil plans for North America at the end of the first quarter.
    Japan's government unveiled a proposal to start takling the issue.
With the national government moving slowly, local governments and businesses in Japan have in some cases taken up the mantle themselves.
mantle: n.(前任留给继任者的)责任，衣钵  the role and responsibilities of an important person or job, 
    especially when they are passed on from one person to another
    take up/on the mantle
    He was asked to take on the mantle of managing director.
    The opportunity to claim this mantle is clear.
retailer: 零售商; 零售店
    a fashion retailer
Greenpeace and other environmental NGOs want Japan to commit to a bolder goal of reducing plastic waste by 59 percent by 2030
and more concrete measures including bans on single-use plastics.
commit: v.承诺(投入时间或金钱) to promise or give your loyalty, time, or money to a particular principle, person or plan of action
    commit to a conversation
    commit oneself to doing sth.
    Students must commit themselves to learning.
bold: adj.勇敢的, 无畏的    brave
concrete: adj.具体的, 实在的 n.混凝土   clear and certain, or real and existing in a form that can be seen or felt
    concrete evidence
campaigner: n.活动家, 活动推广者
    campaign: n.政治或商业上的推广活动