2019-03-21
Emma Watson, Keira Knightley among stars urging better protection of women
Dame: 女爵士(英国荣誉制度)
campaigner: n.活动家    campaign n.
mark: v.庆祝，纪念
    The letter, published in the Guardian to mark International Women's Day on Friday.
    The company just marked its first birthday.
Women risk "backlash, censorship and violence" whenever they  defent their rights or speak out over injustice.
speak out: v.公开表明意见(尤指勇敢反对某事)
backlash: n.(社会或政治方面的)强烈抵制
    a public backlash against racism
censorship: n.审查，审查制度(尤指对文化作品和新闻)    censor v.
injustice: n.不公正     antonym: justice
"We call on governments to recognise and trust the expertise of women's rights organisations and women's movements, in particular
those representing marginalised women; to counter the silencing of women's rights activists; and to fulfill commitments to protect women
human rights defenders by bringing to justice those that perpetrate violence, and strengthening the law in line with international 
human rights frameworks."
expertise: n.专门知识，专长
    I lack the expertise to cook.
    scientific / technical expertise 科学专业知识/技术专业技能
    The company is looking to fill the ranks with those with an expertise in advertising and digital marketing.
marginalise: v.使边缘化，忽视   margin n.   marginal v.
    margin： n.people living on the margins of society
counter: v.反驳，反抗
    counter-: 相反的，相对的    counter-argument 相反的论点   counter-attack 反击
silence: v.阻止(某人)表达意见，压制批评
fulfill the commitments: 履行承诺
bring (sb.) to justice: 将...绳之以法
perpetrate: v.犯(罪); 施(暴)    to commit a crime
    to perpetrate a crime / a fraud
    We must address racial inequity, poverty and violence perpetrated by easy access to illegal firearms from neighboring states.
in line with: 与...相似，与...处于同等水平
activism: n.激进主义，激进行为  activist n.激进分子
The UN adopted a resolution to protect female human rights defenders in 2013, recognising that women are targeted not only 
for their activism but because of their gender.
resolution: 经过某个机构表决，产生的正式决定或决议
rapporteur: n.报告员    -eur 人
    the UN special rapporteur on human rights defenders said women were facing increased repression and violence.
repression: n.(尤指通过武力进行的)镇压，压制; 克制情绪  repress v.
sb.(sth.) and sb.(sth.) are among sb.(sth.)
    The murders of Honduran environmental activist Berta and Brazilian politician Marielle are among recent 
    high-profile cases of women killed for their activism.
high-profile: adj.引人注目的, 备受关注的
    Here is a schedule of the most high-profile events taking place on a global day of commemorations.
ripe for sth.: 时机成熟，适宜的
    The company is ripe for takeover.
    Conditions are ripe for solving the problem.
signatory: n.签署国; 签署者
    Neither country is a signatory to be Non-Proliferation Treaty of 1968, which seeks to prevent countries from developing nuclear weapons.
    The signatories of the letter said the time was ripe for action.
"As momentum behind to #MeToo movement continues to grow, we are witnessing unprecendented acknowledgement of the challenges women face.
Now more than ever, we have an opportunity to overcome the systemic oppression that denies women their rights. It's time to move on from
conversations to action."
momentum: n.动量，冲量; 推动力，势头
    to lose momentum    <->     to gather/gain momentum
unprecendented: adj.史无前例的，空前的  precendent n.前例，先例
    to set/create a precendent
systemic: adj.(药物，疾病或毒药)影响全身系统的，作用于全身的; 根本性的, 全局的
    a systemic disease / a systemic change
    systematic: 有条理的，有计划的
oppression: n.压迫，压制，欺压