2019-06-22
'This means everything to the city': Toronto parties as Raptors clinch NBA title
everything: 最重要的事情
    Money isn't everything.
clinch: v.确定(比赛、竞赛)获胜, 取胜
    clinch victory
    clinch the first spot
    We realize that it is not easy to clinch the medals.
title: n.(竞赛、体育比赛的)冠军
After nearly 25 years of ambition marred by disappointment and frustration, the Toronto Raptors have
brought the city - and country - its first-ever NBA championship.
championship: 1.冠军头衔/位置(=champion) 2.锦标赛
    the world championship 世锦赛
mar: v.损害, 破坏   to make something less attractive or enjoyable
    be marred by sth.
Best of Seven: 七局四胜制
As Game 6 of the NBA finals ended and the team hoisted the coveted Lary O'Brien trophy, tens of
thousands of Toronto residents poured into the streets, converting busy thoroughfares and city 
square into temples of celebration.
hoist: v.举起, 抬起     synonym: raise; lift
    With some difficulty he hoisted her onto his shoulders.
coveted: adj.梦寐以求的, 垂涎的
    She was the first woman to win this coveted prize.
    covet v.渴望拥有某事
        Many young people covet a job in the tech giants.
convert: v.使(形态、性质、功能)转变, 改变
    convert A into B
thoroughfare: n.城市的大街  synonym: street; avenue
Fans in the city's downtown core scaled anything they could - including buses, buildings and traffic
lights - as car horns blared and the night was lit up by fireworks.
scale: vt.攀登, 翻越 n.规模
    a large-scale investigation
blare: v.发出响而刺耳的声音
    The siren is blaring.
    blare out sth.
        The radio was blaring out rock music.
block off: 封锁; 关闭
    Police blocked off major roads to allow fans to celebrate until the early hours of Friday.
Much of what fuelled the energy was a belief that Toronto had been unjustly overlooked by analysts 
and the broader basketball community. Even though the Raptors methodically dispatched elite teams 
one-by-one, the cognoscenti of the NBA had Golden State, the reigning champions, as the favourites.
Much of the water is polluted.
fuel: n.燃料 v.激发
    fuel the energy 激发热情
unjustly: adv.不公正地, 不合理地
    just adj.公正的, 正当的
methodically: adv.有条不紊地, 井然有序地
    methodical adj.
        She is such a methodical person.
    method n.方法; 条理, 有条不紊
dispatch: v.迅速解决, 迅速处理
    To dispatch sb. means to deal with an opponent quickly and efficiently.
    Our handsome hero manages to dispatch another five villains.
    dispatch a bomb
elite: n.精英; 社会名流
cognoscenti: n.[pl.](多用于艺术、文学、美食)行家, 专家, 评鉴家
    film cognoscenti
    cognoscente
reigning: adj.(冠军)本届的, 现任的
    the reigning champion 卫冕冠军
    reign v.统治某个地方
favourite: n.比赛中最有可能夺冠的人; 夺冠热门(常用复数)
"This puts us on the map. I feel like we were never really respected as a sports town before this.
And now we’re No. 1,” 
put sb./sth. on the map: 使...出名; 使...名扬四方
    The excellent cuisine has helped put this city on the map.
    The governor has managered to put this sleepy state on the map.
    Her performance in that play really put her on the map as a comedy actress.
franchise: n.[informal][美]职业运动队
    He is a fan since the franchise first came into existence in 1995.