2019-02-27
How sky-high rents forced people into imaginatve alternatives
sky-high rents 天价房租
alternative: choice; method     What's the alternative?
property: 泛指所有物，财产      government property
rent a property: 特指租房
bleak: has little or no hope for the future 悲观的，无望的
    a bleak prospect
    The future looks bleak for the fishing industry.
business: 麻烦或复杂的事
    It can be a difficult business getting a pay raise or a job promotion.
    Renting a property in the UK can be a bleak business.
figure: (官方公布的)数据    unemployment figures
With spiralling rents leaving many people with barely any disposable income, let alone the means
to save towards a deposit.
spiral: (费用, 价格等)急剧增长，急速上升 increasingly
    After she got her third credit card, her spending began to spiral out of control.
disposable: (金融资产)可支配的，可丢弃的
    disposable income / disposable asset
    disposable chopstick 一次性筷子
    If we take rents into account, many of us in big cities are left with very little disposable income.
deposit: 存款，定金  to make a deposit
    We've saved enough money for a 5% deposit on the apartment.
    Retail is getting a much smaller share of disposable income than it did a few decades ago.
towards: (钱财)去向
    The money I made this summer will go towards my college fund.
house share: 合租房
scheme: 方案 计划 阴谋 体系
    A scheme is not just any plan, but a systematic plan on a large scale.
    The police uncovered a scheme by a gang of money launderers.
    Under the new scheme only successful schools will be given extra funding. 体制
bound: v.建立友谊或联系
    Successful parents bound with their children. (bound with sb.)
    Food is one of the things we have bounded over. (bound over sth.)
mutually: 相互地，共同地 in a shared manner
    It's mutually beneficial relationship.
    a mutually convenient time
sit sth. out: 一直等到...结束 to stay in a place and wait for sth. unpleasant or boring to finish
    We sat out the storm in a cafe.
    Most of the workers seem to be sitting the crisis out, waiting to see what will happen.
    sit: 帮别人照看 babysit  house-sit
rent-free: adv.免租金地
    care-free   duty-free
    free: adv.免费地    Ladies are usually admitted free.
party: (协议的)一方     third-party
It is a peace of mind for many homeowners. A houseowener doesn't need to get anyone to check in on
the house, and pet owners don't have to pay kennels, catteries or dog walkers.
peace of mind: 内心的宁静，安心，放心
    It's a small price to pay for peace of mind.
check in on: 是不是检查一下某事
kennel: (临时养狗的)犬舍 [British] a small shelter for a dog to sleep in
    doghouse [American]
cattery: (临时养猫的)猫舍