2019-03-14
Singapore set to raise retirement ages as seniors stay healthier
be set to do: 准备做某事 (synonym: be ready to do)
    The book is set to be released on Tuesday.
retirement: n.      retire v.
    retire from the company / politics.
senior: n.长者，年纪大的人
re-employment: n.重新聘用，返聘     re- 再，重复的
Singapore may raise its retirement and re-employment ages 
as citizens enjoy more years of good health and demonstrate sustained productivity at work.
sustained: adj.持续的，持久的   sustained applause / sustained productivity
    sustain v.维持，持续
    Maintaining sustained, healthy economic development and social stability is a mission that is extremely arduous.
The exact timing of the changes and bu how much have yet to be determined. (介词短语做主语)
    Between Monday and Friday will work.
manpower: n.人力，劳动力
    The industry has suffered from a lack of manpower.
    Minister of Manpower 人力部部长
    Israel invested in technology and manpower to guard its border.
comprise: v.包含，包括
    comprise: includes all of these and nothing else
    include: includes all of these and maybe something else, too
    The jury to decide his fate is comprised of seven women and five men.
reach a consensus on sth.: 对...达成共识
    consensus: n.   con-: 共同，一起    sens: 感觉
    reach a consensus on the matter
labor unions: 工会
private sector: 私营部门    public sector: 公营部门
city-state: n.(古代的)城邦; 城市国家
scope: n.范围   the range of things that an activity or an organization deals with
    within/beyond the scope of sth.
    job scope 工作范围，职责范围
Increasing the re-employment age will afford companies the flexibility to reset employment terms, 
like salary and job scope, to cope with business uncertainties.
cope with: 处理，应对
pace: v.确定...的速度，调整...的节奏
    pace oneself
        He should learn to pace himself in this job.
    We should carefully consider the timing(时机) and pacing(节奏) of these moves.
The Southeast Asian nation, grappling with an aging population, has been attemping to ensure it remains a vibrant economy.
grapple: v.扭打，搏斗; 努力设法解决
    grapple with sth. = struggle with sth.
    The programmers are grappling with a technical problem.
    She is forced to grapple with her father's alcoholism alone.
aging: agj.衰老的，变老的
vibrant: adj.活跃的，精力充沛的 full of life and energy
    This area will develop into a vibrant commercial center.
enterprise: n.企业发展，企业经营; 创业精神 
    a funding to encourge enterprise in the region