2019-03-04
Putin says Russia to target U.S. if missiles put in Europe
missile: put/place/station missiles
    He developed a national reputation for his work on laser technology used in missile defense and on the
    interactions between light and atoms.
President Vladimir Putin signaled Russia will aim new weapons at the U.S. if it stations missiles in Europe
after quitting a landmark Cold-War-era treaty, amid growing fears of a new arms race.
signal: v.表示,表明
station: v.安置;使士兵驻扎
    His father was stationed in Europe during World War II.
landmark: n.地标;里程碑
    Reform and opening up is a landmark decision.
    Mr.Putin said Washington was fueling a new arms race by withdrawing from a landmark nuclear weapons tready.
treaty / pact / accord: 条约,协定
    a non-aggression pact 互不侵犯条约
    The two countries signed a friendship treaty in 1951.
amid: prep.在...之中;在...环境/背景之下
    The house stands amid the trees.
arms race: 军备竞赛
Russia doesn't plan to deploy missiles banned by the 1987 Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces treaty that
the U.S. has pulled out of, Putin said. But if the U.S. does, "Russia will be forced to produce and deploy
weapons that can be used not only against the territories from which we face this direct threat but also
those where the decision is made to use these missiles," he said, eliciting applause from the hundreds of
officials gathered in the hall near the Kremlin.
deploy: v.部署;调动 to move soldiers or weapons into a position where they are ready for military action
    deploy forces/troops/missiles
intermediate: adj.居中的,中间的
    an intermediate student
    the Intermediate-range Nuclear Forces treaty (the INF treaty) 中导条约
pull out of: (军队)撤离,退出;终止
    The firm is pulling out of the personal computer business.
    The World Bank should pull out of the project.
elicit: to get or produce sth., especially information or a reaction v.引出,探出,诱出
    He was able to elicit the support of the public before election.
applause: n.    applaud v.
    loud/warm applause      a round of applause
While Washington says it won't deploy new land-based nuclear weapons in Europe, the U.S. and its allies are
laying the groundwork to deploy new intermediate-range conventional missiles there for the first time.
land-based: adj.陆基的,陆对空的
ally: n.盟友，支持者；同盟国
    the Axies 轴心国    the Allies 同盟国
lay the groundwork: preliminary or basic work   做初步准备
conventional: 常规的(武器)[即非核武器]
With a second pact covering nuclear weapons likely to expire in two years, the risks of confrontation are growing.
expire: v.到期，期满(失效)；结束
    His driving license expired.
confrontation: n.对抗；冲突；对峙；争论
    confrontation with parents
    a violent confrontation between protesters and riot police 防暴警察
The Russia leader blasted U.S. allies in Europe as "satellites" who were "oinking along with" Washington's position
on pulling out of the INF treaty.
blast: v.抨击,严厉批评;炸毁
    Democratic challenger Mark Kell is already blasting Trump's move as "political maneuvering".
satellite: a country that is controlled by and depends on another large and powerful one 卫星国
oink: v.发出(猪的)哼哼声