2019-03-06
Chinese Taiwan unveils Asia's first draft law on same-sex marriage
unveil: v.公布，将...公诸于众
    veil: n.面纱；遮蔽物
    Microsoft is expected to unveil a new version of its HoloLens headset at a major industry trade show in Barcelona next week.
draft: n.草图，草稿     draft law 法律草案
bill: n.议案，法案，账单    an electricity bill
same-sex couples    opposite-sex couples
heterosexual: adj.异性(恋)的  n.异性恋人
homosexual: adj.同性(恋)的  n.同性恋人
    hetero-: 其他的,不同的
civil law 民事法律  criminal law 刑事法律
a man and woman: 共用'a'
    a knife and fork
legislation: the process of making and passing laws n.制定法律；立法；法律，法规
constitutional: adj.宪法的      constitution: n.宪法
    a deadline for legislation set by the constitutional court
    Is it constitutional to open fire on the indigenous population?
activist: n.激进主义分子，积极分子
    an animal rights activist
The legislation was criticised by rights activists and conservative groups amid a heated debate over marriage equality.
conservative: adj.保守的，陈旧的
a heated debate over...
    a heated discussion
    heated argument
coalition: n.联盟，同盟，联合体
    co-: 共同，联合
    a coalition of environmental and consumer groups
side: one of the two or more groups taking part of the discussion
    She acknowledged the pressure on the government from all sides.
Conservative groups that opposed same-sex marriage during the referendum said they will fight the draft bill too.
Activists said a separate law for gay marriage was discriminatory.
referendum: 全民公投
    In her remarks Tuesday, May offered no support for a second referendum.
fight against sth. / fight sth
discriminatory: adj.歧视性的，区别对待的
    discriminate v.     discrimiation n.
    discriminatory hiring practices
controversy: n.争议，争论  a lot of disagreement or argument about sth.
    fierce/heated controversy
    controversial: adj      This law is controversial.
    Controversies are expected about the proposal, but I really hope our homosexual friends can wait a bit longer.
fall short of...: 未达到预期要求    to fail to reach the standard that you expected or need
    Car sales for last month fell short of the industry's expectations.
    This might fall short of expectations, but after all it's a start.
    The hotel fell far short of their expectations.
    He would sack any of his staff who fell short of his high standards.
deadline: n.最后期限，截止日期
    The EU would agree to extend th Brexit deadline only if Britain justified such a request with a clear objective.