2019-03-05
Your friends's social media posts are making you spend more money, researchers say
post: n.帖子，网站上公布的信息 v.发帖子
    I'm posting some photos.
Americans don't save as much as they used to.
saving rate/savings rate: 储蓄率
savings account: 储蓄
saving: 省了...钱   an instant saving of $50
The figure indicates a long-term decline in the personal savings rate.
Economists have proposed a new explanation of the decling savings rate, one rooted in individual psychology.
be rooted in: 扎根于;根源于
    His opinion is rooted in experience.
landscape: n.全景;局面
    Giant cacti dominate the dessert landscape.
    (spiritual) a particular area of activity, especially its distinctive features
Changes in the media landscape have made other people's spending more visible than ever. That, in turn,
is making all of us spend even more-and save even less.
in turn: 因此 therefore; as a result
    Stress causes your body to release chemicals, which in turn boost blood pressure.
The idea that women are inferior to men is ridiculous-even preposterous.
Humans are social creatures, and we have a tendency to evaluate our own standing in life relative to
how our friends and neighbors are doing.
tendency: a tendency to do 习惯;倾向
    For American college students, there is a tendency to socialize in the evenings.
    His tendency to exaggerate is well known.
standing: n.级别，地位，身份 (synonym: status)
relative to sth.: 作比较
keep up with the Joneses: 不甘人后(俗语)
    We want to keep up with the Joneses, and stay ahead of the Smiths.
Fifty years ago, our frames of reference for our spending habits were relatively small.
frame of reference: 参考系;参考范围
    reference: the use of a source of information in order to ascertain something
    It's easy to choose our own frame of reference and attack any ideas that do not fit it. 办事准则
    We know we're dealing with someone with different frame of reference. 观念
log: n.引用; (引申)帖子 a full written record of a journey, a period of time, or an event
    We can create and share detailed logs of the stuff we consume at places like Yelp and TipAdvisor.
The net effect of this saturation of consumptive media is that we're bombarded every day with signals
to consume, consume, consume. "People infer that low saving is a good idea," as the author put it.
net/overall/ultimate effect: 最终结果
    net: v.净得的；最终的
consumptive: adj.关于消费的，被消费主义驱使的
    consumption n.
    consumerism n.消费主义
bombard: v.轰炸；(言语)围攻     bombard with sth.
    The reporters bombarded the star with phone calls.
    Radio stations were bombarded with calls from irate listeners.
frugal: adj.节俭的，节约的 (antonym: consumptive)
    With a monthly rent of $308, she needs to keep a frugal budget.
staycation: a vacation that you spend at your home  n.在家中(或附近)度假; "宅假期"
    It's easy to have a staycation in a place like NYC.