2019-05-30
Nearly the endgame: is Hollywood's lust for sequels destroying cinema? (2019.5.30)
sequel: n.续集
    Never before have film sequels been so many and so varied.
        Never before has he been so happy.
    prequel n.前传
The industry's eagerness to recycle is not hard to explain. Revenue(票房) is a big factor.
revenue: n.收入; 收益
    national revenue; enterprise revenue
gross: v.总共收入 adj.总共的
    gross revenue 总票房
    Of the all-time top 10 grossing films, six are now sequels.
    The film has grossed over 2 million dollars this year.
    grossing
reliability: n.可靠, 可靠性     reliable adj.
    More important than the scale of these earnings is their reliability.
    My friend has a good reputation for reliability.
    We aim to further improve the reliability of our equipment.
    the reliability of news / sequels
Nobody knows whether an untried property will succeed, but the the success of a sequel is virtually guaranteed.
property: n.财产, 所有权
    intellectual property 知识产权, 著作权  (abbr. IP)
virtually: adv.几乎     synonym: almost / nearly
    I have virtually no time to have a lunch.
The sequels meet intense audience demand. Nothing whets filmgoers' appetitites like what the industry calls 
"preawareness". Informed anticipation is part of the fun, and provides a ready topic of conversation.
whet: v.引起, 刺激 (食欲、欲望、兴趣等)
    whet sb.'s appetitite
preawareness: n.预先意识, 预意识
    pre adj.预先的      awareness n.意识
Inevitably, the sequels juggernaut is throttling fresh ideas, the lifeblood of any creative activity.
It may be offering the movies a short-term fix by imperilling their long-term health.
lifeblood: 命脉
juggernaut: n.不可抗拒的强大力量(或组织)
    the once juggernaut drama Game of Thrones
    Weixin juggernaut
throttle: v.阻挡; 压制; 扼杀
    I really want to throttle him.
    Sudden rage throttled his capacity to think clearly.
fix: (毒品/致瘾药物的)一次用量
    He got himself a fix.
    I need a fix of coffee before I can face the day.
imperil: v.危及, 使陷入危险
    The policy of the United States will imperil the global economy.
    The police raid would imperil the lives of the hostages.
Our world is in flux, and yet we are not encouraged to engage with change. Instead, we are offered the chance
to retreat into thought bunkers with those of like mind, and cut ourselves off from unsettling ideas.
flux: n.不断的变动, 不停的变化
    They are in flux.
engage with: 与...建立关系
bunker: n.掩体; 地堡
cut sth. off: (用锋利的刀具等)去除, 切去, 剪去
    cut off the fat before frying the steak
    We had to cut off the bed's legs to get it through the door.
    I cut the peel off the orange.
unsettling: adj.令人不安的, 使人担忧的
    One of the film's unsettling images is of a child playing with her father's gun.
It is understandable that in such circumstances we should(可能) look to the big screen for the comfort of repetition.
repetition: n.重复; 重做; 重说      repeat v.
    spaced repetition
consoling: adj.可安慰的, 安心的
    Children find it consoling to be told the same bedtime story every night.
    Sheldon finds it consoling listening to Soft Kitty.