2019-03-17
School lessons are to cover sexting, FGM and mental health.
be to do sth. = will do sth.
    She is to visit Australia.
sexting: n.(发送)性短信或调情短信
    Police report sharp rise in sexting cases involving children in England and Wales.
The Department for Education has unveiled fresh guidelines for sex and health education across England.
unveil: v.推出，颁布
    Huawei recently unveiled its new 5G smartphone.
guideline: n.指导方针，指南
    guideline: 通常更具有强制性     government's guidelines
    guide: 一般不具有强制性，而具有指导性
        I never follow recipes exactly when I cook - I just use them as rough guides.
get + sleep:    get some sleep 睡一会
                the importance of getting enough sleep
spot: v.发现，注意到
    spot: 通常带有一种努力的意愿
    notice: 更接近于无意中发现
genital: adj.外部生殖器的
    organ of generation 生育的器官
mutilation: n.使残缺不全，伤残  to damage sth. severely, especially by violently removing a part
Secondary school pupils will be taught about FGM with a focus on awareness over its illegality and the availability of support networks.
support network: 援助系统
    network: a group of people, organizations, etc. that are connected or that work together
abuse: n.虐打，伤害 mental abuse
    The abuse tragedy is shocking.
grooming: n.诱奸儿童  the criminal activity of becoming friends with a child, especially over the Internet,
                    in order to try to persuade the child to have a sexual relationship
domestic abuse: 家庭虐待，家暴
    domestic: adj.国内的，家庭的
        domestic flights / domestic duties
But the government's announcement comes amid(在...当中) a backlash from parent groups who do not want sex education to be a mandatory part of the curriculum.
backlash: n.(社会或政治方面的)强烈反对
    backlash against the new law
mandatory: adj.强制的；法定的   mandatory drug test
    mandatory/compulsory curriculum
MPs are to debate a petition on Monday demanding parents retain the right to opt their child out of sex education classes in schools.
MP: member of parliament 议会议员
    Conservative MP
petition: n.请愿书  petition against
    a petition against experiments on animals
    The organization Jews United for Justice is also supporting the petition.
retain: v.保有，保留 to keep or continue to have sth.
    He managed to retain his dignity.
opt (sb.) out: (替某人)选择退出     opt: vi.选择
    Within any society, there will usually be people who decide to opt out.
    Employees can choose to opt out of the pension scheme. 
grave: n.坟墓，墓穴 adj.严重的，深切的 very serious and important, giving you a reason to be worried
    a grave situation
RSE topic: relationship and sex education
We have grave concerns about the physical, psychological and spiritual implications of teaching children about certain sexual 
and relational concepts proposed in RSE and believe that they have no place within a mandatory school curriculum.
implication: n.可能的影响,可能的后果; 暗示
