2019-04-07
It's not just you: New data shows more than half of young people in America don't have a romantic partner
partner: (婚前或婚后)伴侣   synonym: significant other
    spouse n.(婚后)配偶
bagel: n.贝果, 百吉饼, 面包圈
    Coffe Meets Bagel
    He worked with his father at a bagel store for six months.
Cupid: 丘比特
hinge: (门窗或机械装置里的)铰链
tinder: n.火种
bumble: v.踉跄; 结结巴巴讲话    to speak or move in a confused way
on a...team: 在某个队伍里; 是某个团队里的一员
    She's on a volleyball team.
casual: adj.轻松的
    in a casual setting 在轻松的环境里
    casual conversation / customers
set sb. up: 1.安排; 2.给...介绍对象; 3.设计; 陷害
    She's even let The Washington Post set her up.
    His father set him up in the family business.
    She tried to set him up with one of her besties(好朋友).
    The suspect claimed that he had been set up(陷害).
    It was Nick who sets us up.
Spivey has a lot of company in her frustration, and in her singledom.
oxymoron: 矛盾修辞法
    the living dead / a walking corpse 行尸走肉
company: n.陪伴; 同伴   the fact of being with a person or people, or the person or people you are with
    A man is known by the company that he keeps. 观其友，知其人
    I was grateful for his company.
singledom: n.单身状态   the state of being unmarried or not involved in a long-term relationship
    single adj.     boredom
    It's time to look at the realities behind singledom.
go along with: 1.与某人观点或看法一致 2.伴随     to support an idea, or to agree with sb.'s opinion
    I go along with his views on dieting.
    There are several other trends that go along with the increase in young single Americans.
median: adj.中间值的, 中位数的
    The median age of first marriage is increasing.
    The median sales price climbed 3.6 percent from a year earlier.
podcast: n.播客 ipod + broadcast
People who writen in to her podcast looking for love advice are unhappy with their lives - and they think another person will fix that.
write in: 读者给报社或电台写信
click: v.两情相悦   become successful or popular
    Nothing really cliked, romatically, util they had something personally exciting that we were doing.
    sth. clicks: Everything clicked for them.
    to click with sb.:  fall in love with sb.
        He didn't really click with the girl.