2019-05-27
How creepy is your smart speaker?
smart speaker: 智能音箱
creepy: adj.怪异的, 令人毛骨悚然的; 令人起鸡皮疙瘩的
    creep v.蹑手蹑脚地行进
    What a creepy ghost story!
    That strange is creepy!
deny the charges 否认指控 <-> plead guilty for the charges 认罪
    Amazon's voice assistant denied the charges.
But as smart speakers from Amazon, Apple and other technology giants proliferate, concerns that they 
might be digitally snooping have become more widespread.
privacy policy: 隐私政策
proliferate: v.激增  to increase a lot and suddenly in number
    synonym: surge; soar
    BTS fans proliferate recently.
snoop: v.(对别人的私生活)窥探, 窥视
    reporters snooping on celebrities
    Don't snoop into my affairs!
As Alexa herself contends, smart speakers are not sending every utterance into the tech giants' digital vaults.
contend: 1.v.竞争, 争夺; 2.声称, 断言
    They are contending for a prize.
    He contended that he was innocent and denied the charges.
utterance: n.说话, 讲话
    utter v.讲, 说出    -ance 动作、行为过程或状态
        He did not utter a word.
vault: n.保险库; (银行)金库     synonym: safe 保险柜
    He is a vault. 守口如瓶
Despite their name, the devices are simple-minded.
mute: n.静音 adj.沉默的; 无声的
    a mute appeal 无声的恳求
trigger: v.引起, 引发(坏事) n.枪的扳机
    He pulled the trigger and killed the robber.
    The incident triggered World War I.
assurance: n.保证
    assure v.保证
    Not everyone is convinced by such assurances.
    I give you my assurance that the work will be done by Friday.
    self-assurance 自信
Are their makers using them to snoop on people and then exploiting that information to target online ads or offer them particular products?
If eavesdropping is your problem, eschewing smart speakers does not solve it. Smartphones, which people
blithely carry around with them, are even worse.
eavesdrop: v.(故意)偷听, 窃听
    eave n.屋檐     drop v.滴水
    anti-eavesdropping device
    overhear 无意中听到, 无意中听到
eschew: v.回避, 避开; 放弃  synonym: avoid
    eschew political discussions
    eschew violence
blithely: adv.快活地; 无忧无虑地    happily and without worry
    The are blithely chatting, ignoring the customers.
chief: 主要的   primary; main; most importance
    The chief thing is that consumers should be able to choose how to balance convenience and policy.
listen out for: 等着听, 注意听
    They listen out for wake words, and then send what follows to the cloud as an audio clip.
    Listen out for my call!
    We listened out for the sound of his footsteps.