2019-03-27
The unstoppable love of the snowplow parents
snowplow: n.雪犁; 扫雪机    plow: n.犁
    As my boys center their teens, their questions move from snowplows to less innocent themes.
Helicopter parenting, the practice of hovering anxiously near one's children, monitoring their every activity, is so 20th century.
... is so 20th century: 实在是20世纪的老古董了
practice: n.某种常规做法
hover: v.盘旋，徘徊
    A hawk hovered over the hill.
Some affluent mothers and fathers now are more like snowplows: machines chugging ahead, clearing any obstacles in their child's path
to success, so they don't have to encounter failure, frustration or lost opportunities.
affluent: adj.富裕的，富足的    fluent: adj.流畅的，流利的
    affluent parents
    Cigarette smoking used to be commoner among affluent.
chug: v.突突地缓慢行驶  If a car, train etc. chugs somewhere, it moves there slowly, with the engineer making a repeated low sound.
Taken to its criminal extreme, that means bribing SAT proctors and paying off college coaches to get children into elite colleges - 
and then going to great lengths to make sure they never face the humiliation of knowing how they got there.
proctor: n.监考员; 代理人; 学监
take sth. to extremes: 使...走到极端
    take sth. to the extreme
    If you take exercise to the extreme, it can be dangerous.
bribe: v.向...行贿  bribe sb. with sth.
pay off: (某事)很值得; 贿赂
    All the hard work has paid off tremendously.
    All the witnesses have been paid off.
go to great lengths: 不遗余力，竭尽全力
humiliation: n.屈辱，丢脸   (synonym: shame)
    humiliate: v.羞辱某人
    the humiliation of defeat
    She suffered the humiliation of being criticized in public.
toddler: n.学步儿童     age: infant < toddler < child
    Toddlers play with their parents in a baby gym.
run: 开车送...到... take sth. somewhere in a car
    run a forgotten assignment to school
    Can you run me home?
make a team: 被选入运动队   make: 达成某种目标
    make a cast 选角被选上了 / make a headline 成为头条欣慰
temper tantrum: 脾气发作
    temper: n.脾气      tantrum: n.耍性子，孩子闹脾气
    tantrum: a sudden period of uncontrolled anger, especially that of a young child
    Children often have temper tantrums around the age of two.
    She throws a temper tantrum when she can't have the toy she wants.
    That's why parents hide certain toys from toddlers to avoid temper tantrums.
take it too far: to do or perform sth. in a way that is not acceptable 把...做得过头了
    But snowplow parents can take it too far.
Learning to solve problems, take risks and overcome frustration are crucial life skills.
acquire: v.获得(技能); 养成(习惯)   to gain sth. by your own efforts, ability or behavior
    Many college students have acquired a good knowledge of English.