2019-06-04
Tech's latest stars have it all - except a path to high profits
in terms of: 就...而言; 以...来看
    Investors often describe the world of business in terms of animals.
Right now, mere ponies are being presented as unicorns: privately held tech firms worth over $1bn that
are supposed strong and world-beating - miraculous almost.
world-beating: adj.世界一流的
    a world-beating athlete/company
miraculous: adj.令人惊奇的, 不可思议的  miracle n.
    a miraculous comeback 奇迹般的反败为胜
    The diet promised miraculous weight loss.
There is, however, a problem with the unicorns: their business models.
list: v.上市
    A dozen unicorns that have listed, or are likely to, posted combined losses of $14bn last year.
cumulative: adj.累计的; 渐增的  synonym: increasing
    Learning is a cumulative process.
    Their cumulative losses are $47bn.
Their services, from ride-hailing to office rental, are often deeply discounted in order to supercharge revenue growth.
revenue: n.财政收入; 税收收入; 收益
ride-hailing: adj.叫车的
    hail v.叫车
        hail a taxi
supercharge: v.给(引擎)增压; 使...变强      synonym: boost
The justification for this is the Silicon Valley doctine of "blitzscaling" in order to conquer "winner-takes-all"
markets - or in plain English, conducting a high-speed land grab in the hope of finding gold.
justification: n.理由; 辩护; 正当理由   a good reason why sth. exists or is done
blitzscaling: 闪电式扩张
    blitzkrieg 闪电战
doctrine: n.信条, 学说  a belief or set of beliefs
    Christian doctrine; military doctrine
winner-takes-all: adj."赢者通吃"的
The big worry is that the unicorns' losses reflect not temporary growing pains but markets which are 
contested and customers who are promiscuous.
contest: v.(为某事而)竞争, 角逐 n.比赛
    The medal is contested by eight gymnasts.
promiscuous: adj.淫乱的; 杂乱的
subsidy: n.补贴; 津贴
    housing subsidy; government subsidy
        The company received a substantial government subsidy.
    Despite subsidies, riding-sharing customers are not locked in to one firm.
IPO: initial public offerings 首次公开募股
lease: v.租借, 租用
    lease an apartment; lease an office
force: 力量
    May the force be with you.
    External forces will make blitzscaling harder, too.
Compared with the earlier generation of firms, today a reaction is in full swing, 
including over digital taxes and data and content laws.
in full swing: 处于...高潮; 处于...顶峰     at the peak of activity
    The party is in full swing.
hold one's nerve: (在危急时刻)保持冷静
    All this is good for consumers. Investors, meanwhile, need to hold their nerve.
tempting: adj.吸引人的; 诱惑人的
extrapolate: v.推断; 推知
    It is tempting to extrapolate the triumph of Google and Alibaba to an entire new group of firms. 
    You might extrapolate that all Canadians are friendly.
    extrapolate sth. to sth.
        You can't extrapolate the results to other patient groups.
peak: v.达到顶峰
    The blitzscale philosophy of buying customers at any price is peaking.
engineer: v.设计; 建造
    After the unicorns, a new and more convincing species of startup will have to be engineers.