2019-03-12
In tech race with China, U.S. universities may lose vital edge
edge: n.优势，优越之处  an advantage over other people
    gain a competitive edge
The U.S. is still out in front of global rivals when it comes to innovation, 
but American universities-where new ideas often percolate-have reason to look over their shoulder.
out in front: 遥遥领先
    He is out in front in the opinion poll.
    be out in front of sb.
percolate: v.扩散，流传，渗透 to spread slowly
    Sea water percolated down through the rocks.
    The stroy has begun to percolate through the crowd.
    A debate percolates among economists whether the bond-buying program did any good.
look over one's shoulder(s): 焦虑不安
    He may have escaped the police for now, but he'll spend every waking hour looking over his shoulder.
    Takeovers are things that keeps suppliers looking over their shoulders.
    When a company makes people redundant, those who are left behind start looking over their shoulder.
They're exactly the fields where President Donald Trump recently insisted the U.S. has to lead-and also the ones where Asia, especially China, has caught up.
catch up: to reach the same quality or standard as sb. or sth. else
    He was off work for a while and is trying to catch up.
patent: n.专利  a license covering an invention
peers: 同龄人，具有相同社会地位的人
top the list: v.为...之首，超过，胜过
    Tourists from Northern Europe topped the list of visitors.
IP: Intellectual Property
There's a special place for universities in the ecosystem of research. Universities groom future scientists 
and can be incubators for pie-in-the-sky ideas - some of which turn out to be game-changers.
ecosystem: an interconnected system
groom: to prepare sb. for a special job or activity v.使sb.做好准备,训练
    groom sb. to do sth.
    groom sb. for doing sth.
    He was groomed to run the family companies.
    Isis grooms young men and women to fight for a terrorist force that commits genocide.
incubator: n.孵化器；鼓励或培养新的想法产生的地方   incubate v.孵蛋
    business incubator
pie-in-the-sky: adj.希望渺茫的，难以实现的
    It's just pie-in-the-sky if you ask me.
game-changer: n.游戏规则改变者，打破格局者 [具有深远影响的，有跨时代意义的]
    Huawei's new product might be a game-changer.
The list ranges fom Google's search engine to DNA technology that's behind a whole industry of gene-manipulating treatments.
behind: prep.是...背后的原因    is responsible for or is the cause of
    Marie Curie was the woman behind enormous changes in the science of chemistry.
gene-manipulation n.基因编辑    gene-modification n.
Government grants to universities have been stagnant for more than a decade, meaning they've declined in real terms and as a share of the economy.
grant: n.政府拨款，补助金 [常用复数]   grant v.
    student grants / a research grant
    The government is awarding small grants to single mothers who are starting their own business.
stagnant: adj.停滞不前的，无变化的  not growing or developing
    a stagnant economy
in real terms: 按实质计算，去除通货膨胀影响计算
federal dollars: 美国政府的拨款 federal funds
sit/rest on one's laurels 满足于既得成就，不思进取
    laurel: n.月桂树    win/gain laurels
    He retired at the peak of his career and is sitting on his laurels.
    The company can't just sit on its laurels - we have to move on to something new.
    Just because you've got your degree doesn't mean you can sit on your laurels.