doctor: v.篡改，伪造
test-doctoring: 考试中的伪造行为
make noise: to talk in an indirect way that sth. you think you might do
demolish: v.拆除，推翻，颠覆
    demolish the house
    He completely demolished all my arguments.
    Japan has made a lot of noise in recent years about demolishing the traditional view that women should stay at home while men go out to work.
mark down: make the value lower
    They have marked down their forecast for growth.
confess to doing: 承认，坦白
    ...confessed to marking down the test scores of female applicants to keep the ratio of women in each class above 30%.
drop out: 辍学，半途而废    drop out of college
    Their defence was that women are more likely to drop out to marry and have children.
merit: 优良品质，成绩
    To judge female applicants to medical school purely on their merits would leave Japan with a shortage of doctors, they said.
outrage:
    The admission has caused outrage.
bastion: n.堡垒，固守一种准则的事物
    a bastion is a group of people or system that protect a way of life or belief that is disappearing
    a bastion of freedom
    It's the last bastion of male privilege.
rife: adj.(不良事物)盛行的，普遍的
stamina: n.耐力，耐性，持久力
Doctoring has long been a male bastion. But it is not the only one. Discrimination is rife in banks and trading houses, where stamina and loyalty,
qualities somehow associated with men, are prized.
condescending: adj.有优越感的，屈尊的 (condescend v.)
    condescending attitude/remark/tone 居高临下的
catchphrase: 流行语；(尤指电视演艺名人等的)名言 a well-known sentense for phrase that is usually associated with a famous person
    All this embarrasses a government that has promised to make women "shine", its condescending catchphrase for female empowerment.
labour shortfall: 劳动力短缺
The policy seems based on the need for more workers rather than on genuine concern for women.
Shinzo Abe, the prime minister, says he wants to bring millions more women into the workforce to make up for a labour shortfall caused by its ageing and declining population.
premiership: 总理职位，首相职位
lamentable: 可悲的，可怜的，悲伤的
    In the field of politics, the record under Mr Abe's premiership is lamentable. Just two members of his 20-strong cabinet are women.
make little secret of: 公开某事，不保守秘密
    I make little secret of my dislike for lettuce
dethrone: v.打败，击败(顶尖好手)
    She makes little secret of her ambition to dethrone Mr Abe in a leadership contest next month.
manifesto: n.(由指政党的)宣言
    The Communist Manifesto
pull/bring sth. into line with: 与某物接轨，让某物与...对接
    ...her manifesto for pulling Japan into line with "global standards"
    It can pull your English ability into line with requirements of your dream job.