2019-07-04
Trump takes 20 steps into North Korea, making history as first sitting US leader to enter the nation
sit: v.成为官方组织的成员; 任职
    sitting adj.任期内的, 现任的
President Donald Trump shook hands with Kim Jong Un on Sunday and took 20 steps into North Korea, 
making history as the first sitting US leader to set foot in the kingdom.
set foot in: 去; 到达
    set foot on
        set foot on the train
The encounter at the heavily fortified Korean Demilitarized Zone — their third in person — came a day 
after Trump raised the prospect of a border handshake in a tweet and declared he'd have "no problem" 
stepping into North Korea.
encounter: n.偶然相遇, 邂逅, 不期而遇
    I had an alarming encounter with a boar.
fortified: adj.设防的; 防御加强的
    fort; fortis  (synonym: strong)
    fortify v.尤指为防御而加强, 增强
    a fortified place
demilitarized zone: 非军事区
    military adj.军事的
    demilitarize
        demilitarize a place
in person: 亲自, 本人
    pick up the package in person
    If you can't be there in person, the next best thing is watching it on TV.
    You may apply for tickets in person or by letter(写信).
prospect: 某事发生的可能性
While inside North Korean territory, Trump and Kim shoot hands and patted each other's backs.
territory: n.领土; 地盘; 领域
    The conversation has brought me to unknown territory.
    territorial: adj.与领土相关的; (人或动物)领地意识很强的
        territorial disputes 领土争议 / territorial growls (为了守住地盘而发出的)低吼声
pat: v.轻拍, 轻打
    pat + 宾语 + 补语
        A nurse washed the patient all over and patted her dry.
    a pat on the back 夸赞
        Give yourself a pat on the back.
overjoyed: adj.极度高兴的; 欣喜若狂的
    over-: overcooked 过度蒸煮或烘烤的; overqualified 大材小用的
    Kim appeared overjoyed in the moment.
    Helen was overjoyed to hear that they had given her the job.
milepost: n.里程标
    milestone 里程碑
    The moment marks a milepost in the United States' fraught history with North Korea.
fraught: adj.令人极度忧虑的; 充满不快的
    a fraught silence
    That person looks fraught.
    The atmosphere in the office is rather fraught.
    be fraught with sth. (充满的往往是不好的东西) = be full of sth.
        a plan fraught with danger
KCNA: 朝(鲜)中(央)(通讯)社 Korean Central News Agency
    news agency (官方的)新闻机构
unthinkable: adj.难以想象的, 不可思议的
    It's unthinkable that a mistake like this could have happened.
    thinkable adj.可想象的
The prospect of a US president stepping over the world's most heavily fortified border into North 
Korea would once be unthinkable.
in no rush: 不着急
    Trump says he's in no rush and claims to have already seen results for another meeting.
    rush n.匆忙; 紧急
        It's a rush to do sth.
        It is always such a rush to get ready in the mornings.
        rush hour