The English Patient wins public poll of best Man Booker in 50 years
poll: n.投票
    carry out / conduct a poll
Twenty six years ago, the panel of judges were so unsure who should win the Man Booker in 1992 that 
they ended up with a tie.
panel: n.专家咨询组; 讨论小组
    on the panel
        There are at least five writters on the panel.
end up with a tie: 以平局告终, 打成平局, 不分胜负; 旗鼓相当, 平分秋色
    The match ended up with a tie.
But on Sunday evening Ondaatje edged ahead, with his bestselling novel The English Patient being 
named the best winner of the Booker prize of the last 50 years, in a public vote. 
edge ahead: 逐步向前, 渐渐领先
    edge v.向某个方向缓慢移动
    A has edged ahead of B. = A has more successful than B.
The story moves between a nurse tending a horribly burned man in an Italian villa at the end of the 
second world war and a tragic love affair from his past.
tend: v.照料; 照顾; 护理    take care of; look after
villa: n.别墅, 度假别墅
love affair: (尤指非夫妻间的)恋爱关系, 婚外情
transformative: adj.变革性的, 有改革能力的
    Few novels really deserve the praise: transformative. This one does.
It moves seamlessly between the epic and the intimate—one moment you’re in looking at the vast sweep 
of the desert, and the next moment watching a nurse place a piece of plum in a patient’s mouth. It’s 
intricately and rewardingly structured, beautifully written, with great humanity written into every page.
seamlessly: adv.无缝地, 无停顿地, 衔接完美地
    The book has a seamlessly plot.
epic: n.叙事诗, 史诗
    Gone With The Wind is an epic romance.
intimate: n.密友, 至交, 亲密关系
sweep: n.(道路、河流、海岸等)一长段, 绵延弯曲的地带
    a sweep of green lawn
plum: n.李子; 梅子
intricately: adv.错综复杂地
    an intricately carved sculpture
rewardingly: adv.有益地, 值得地, 有意义地
She had been struck by the fact that there were six years in which just one or no women were on the award's shortlists.
strike: v.打击; 使感到(震惊)
    I was struck dumb by his behavior.
shortlist: n.入围名单
Sri Lankan-born Canadian author:
    a British-born Chinese director
treatment: n.处理方式, 表现手法
    Shakespeare's treatment of madness in King Lear
    The English Patient stood out, due to the author's treatment of his female characters.
figure: v.出现, 被提及
    A code hero figures largely in Hemingway's works.
peripherally: adv.边缘化地, 次要地, 外围地
    The women figure quite peripherally in a lot of books by male writers.
Hana to me is the centre of the novel, and is done with such love, care and understanding and complexity.
be done with: 完成, 结束