2019-06-03
British politics after/post Theresa May
Theresa May strode out of the door of 10 Downing Street in a crimson business suit and bowed to the 
evitable. Having failed three times to get her Brexit deal through a hopelessly divided parliament, 
and confronted with a Tory insurrection over her proposed forth attempt, She announced on May 24th 
that she would step down as leader of the Conservative Party and Britain's prime minister.
stride: vi.大步走, 阔步走
    stride toward
        She strode toward the door.
    stride out of
        He strode out of the room.
crimson: adj.深红色的, 暗红色的
    The leaves turn crimson in autumn.
bow to: 屈服于; 向...鞠躬
    bow to the audience; bow to the pressure
get sth. through: 使(协议/法律)通过     have sth. accepted
be confronted with...: 遭遇某事
Tory: 英国保守党 (Conservative and Unionist Party)
insurrection: n.叛乱, 造反, 起义
    an armed insurrection
    an insurrection against the invaders
    During the insurrection, several convicts held a prison doctor hostage.
over sth. = on the subject of sth. 针对...; 关于...
step down: 辞职, 下台, 退位 resign from an important job
    synonym: resign; quit
    step down as sth.
        He has decided to step down as the captain.
        He is unwilling to step down for a younger person.
revised: adj.经过修改的, 修正过的
    a revised edition of the Book
    The immediate trigger for Mrs May's departure was the failure of her revised withdrawal bill.
call: v.举行
    But the bigger trigger was the general election that she called back in June 2017.
Her instincts were right: increasing the Tories' majority would have allowed her to increase her 
bargaining power with her party and ensure that she was not hostage to pro- or anti-Brexit factions.
But the election was a debacle.
bargaining power: 谈判的能力(话语权), 讨价还价的能力
be hostage to sth./sb.: 成为人质; 受制于...
    hostage n.
faction: n.派系, 派别, 小集团
debacle: n.垮台, 惨败   an event or attempt that is a complete failure
    The collapse of the company was the greatest financial debacle in history.
British politics will now be consumed by the race(竞争, 角逐) to succeed Mrs May.
The next leader will have to grapple with the same forces that have destroyed Mrs May: a country 
as well as a party that is torn over Brexit; a political system that is being pulled apart by the 
tension between representative and direct democracy; and a conflict with the European Union that, 
despite repeated statements to the contrary by Brexiteers, has most of the cards(筹码) in its hand. 
Mrs May will not be the last prime minister to be brought to tears by Brexit.
be consumed by: 被消耗, 被吞噬
    We can't be consumed by our petty differences any more.
grapple: v.努力设法解决
    grapple with: struggle with or work hard to deal with sth.
    Today, many Americans are still grappling with the issue of race.
tear: v.(猛烈地)撕扯
    be torn over sth. / be torn by sth.
pull apart: 撕毁; 撕碎  to separate or break sth. into parts or piece
    synonym: tear
representative and direct democracy: 代议民主制和直接民主制
bring sb. to tears: 使某人(因为沮丧、悲伤)流泪
    Mrs May will not be the last prime minister to be brought to tears by Brexit.