2019-03-11
Going TikTok - Indians get hooked on Chinese video app ahead of election
go: 变得    go crazy / go TikTok 沉迷抖音
get hooked on: 迷上，着迷  (synomy: be addicted to)
    He got addicted to / get hooked on alcohol.
    So many people get hooked on junk food.
    Criket fans currently get hooked on a series of college matches.
A video clip shot on a sparse rooftop of what looks like a low-rise apartment block shows a young India man
swaying while lip-syncing a song praising Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
sparse: adj.人烟稀少的
low-rise / high-rise apartment block    底层(高层)楼
sway: v.(身心)动摇;(身体)摇晃
    You are swayed by fried chicken.
    sway to the beat/music
    She entered the stage while swaying to the beat.
lip-sync: v.对口型，对嘴，假唱
    He lip-synced a Beatles song.
"Modi has single-handedly trounced everyone ... Modi is a storm, you all now know," goes the Hindi song.
single-handedly: adv.努力地，单独地
    single-handed: adj.单手的   a single-handed axe
    Alter is the first person to single-handedly produce a translation of the complete Hebrew Bible.
trounce: to defeat a competitor easily or by a large score v.轻松取胜，大胜
TikTok, the latest digital platform to grip India's small towns and villages ahead of a general election(大选) due by May.
grip: v.强烈地影响  to have a powerful effect on sb./sth.
due: adj.预期会在某个日期发生
    The results are due at the end of this month.
Most urban elites haven't heard of TikTok and those who have, tend to view it as a platform for trivial content.
elite: n.精英   the richest, most powerful, best-educated, or best-trained group in a society
    adj.精英的 elite troops
    a government comprised of elites
trivial: adj.琐碎的，无价值的，不重要的     having little value or importance
    They always argue over trivial matters.
    I don't know why he gets so upset about something so trivial.
diverse: adj.各种各样的
    In reality, it hosts diverse content including a fair share of political speech.
    New York is a very culturally diverse city.
    diversity: n.   biological diversity
fair: quite large 相当大的
share: n.份额
the Oppisition: 反对党
#: hashtag 标签
    Videos tagged #narendramodi has received more than 30 million views.
chief: the person in charge of a group or organization or the ruler of a tribe 主席；领袖；主管
    police chief    congress chief
far: ...得多    far better / far higher
The party was tracking TikTok conversations and it was "a brilliant medium for creative expression".
track: to record the progress of the development of sth. of a period
    The study tracked the careers of twelve doctors who trained at the medical school
medium: n.媒介  the print medium    (pl.)media
reach out to...: 关心并愿意倾听 to show people that you're interested, and want to listen to them or help them
A Congress source said the party was exploring joining TikTok and assessing 
how it could be used to better reach out to people in rural areas in the run-up to the election.
source: sb./sh. that supplies information 信息来源
explore: to think or to talk about sth. in order to find out more about it 研究，考虑
assess: v.评估  assess the ability      assess damage
    assessment n.   a fair assessment of the situation
run-up: n.(重大事件的)前导期，预备期 the final period of time before an important event
    Everyone is very busy during the run-up to publication.