2019-04-30
Ukraine enters uncharted new era after comedian wins presidency
Ukraine entered uncharted political waters on Monday after near final results showed a comedian with no political experience
and few detailed policies had dramatically up-ended the status quo and won the country's presidential election by a landside.
uncharted: adj.地图上没有标明的; 陌生的; 未知的
    chart: n.图表; 海图 v.在海图上标出
waters: n.(某一江、河、湖、海的)水域
    The party is sailing in uncharted waters.
up-end: v.颠倒, 翻倒    synonym: upend
    The man's entire life is upended.
status quo: 现状; 原来的状况
    to defend/maintain the status quo 维持现状
by a landside: 以压倒性的多数获胜   a landside victory
    land 土地   slide 滑动
    Schwarzenegger apologized for having behaved badly in his younger years, and went on to win election in a landside victory.
The emphatic victory of Zelenskiy is a bitter blow for incumbent Poroshenko who tried to rally Ukrainians around the flag
by casting himself as a bulwark against Russia and a champion of Ukrainian identity.
emphatic: adj.强调的, 有力的; 明显的, 突出的
    an emphatic denial 断然否定
    emphasis n.
    an emphatic success/win/defeat 大胜/大败
sth. is a bitter blow for sb.: ...对...是沉重打击
    bitter: adj.痛苦的; 令人难受的
        The black sweater stired up bitter memories.
incumbent: adj.在职的, 现任的 n.
    He beat the incumbent.
rally sb. around sth.: 把...召集在...周围, 让...团结在...周围
cast A as B: 让A扮演B; 把A表现为B
bulwark: n.堡垒, 防御工事; 保护者, 防御者
    a bulwark of a place
    a bulwark against capitalis
a champion of...: ...的捍卫者
identity: 身份认同感
    the qualities that a group of people have that make them different from other people
Zelenskiy, who plays a fictitious president in a popular TV series, is now poised to take over the leadership
of a country on the frontline of the West's standoff with Russia.
fictitious: adj.虚构的  invented by sb. rather than true
    All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead,
    is purely coincidental.
poised: adj.准备就绪的  be poised to do sth.
take over: 接任; 接管
    Zelenskiy will take over from Poroshenko as President of Ukraine.
on the frontline of... 在...的第一线 = on the front line of...
standoff: n.僵局, 僵持局面  a situation in which no agreement can be reached
He promised to root out corruption amid widespread dismay over rising prices and sliding living standards.
root out: 找到并根除    synonym: get rid of
    root v.翻找
    He has been appointed to root out inefficiency in this company
    The generals(将军) have to root out traitors(叛国者).
dismay: n.沮丧，灰心
    She could not hide her dismay at the ending.
But he has been coy about exactly how he plans to achieve all that and investors want reassurances that he will 
accelerate reform needed to attract foreign investment and keep the country in an International Monetary Fund programme.
coy: adj.含糊其辞的; 遮遮掩掩的 not willing to give information about sth.
    be coy about sth.
        She's very coy about her age.
reassurance: n.安慰; 能消除疑虑的话语或行动 sth. that is said or done to take away a person's fears or doubts
accelerate: v.(使)加快, (使)增速
    to accelerate the rate of economic growth
    They use special chemicals to accelerate the growth of of crops.
simply: 简直，根本[表强调]
    We simply don't know what is going to happen, and that worries the financial community.
the financial/bussiness/academic community 金融界/商界/学术界