2019-04-10
Why urban millennials love Uniqlo?
millennial: n.千禧一代 adj.
Uniqlo was founded in 1984 in Hiroshima(广岛), Japan, as the Unique Clothing Warehouse - 
an ironic name for a manufacturer known for clothing that is in no way unique.
warehouse: n.仓库; 仓库批发店; 大型零售商店
    The books were supposed to be distributed in Baltimore public schools, but thousands of them remain in a warehouse.
    ware: n.器具; 物品
        ceramic ware 陶器
ironic: adj.讽刺的  irony n.
    It's ironic that she became a teacher.
in no way: 决不，无论怎样也不
    He was in no way remarkable.
segment: n.部分; v.分割     synonym: part
    The market is segmented by price into three general categories.
    Irish Americans are actually a pretty big segment of the electorate.
cornerstone: n.基础, 支柱   something of great importance that everything else depends on
    Uniqlo basics have become a cornerstone of the contemporary wardrobe.
profit from: 从...中获利
    Uniqlo has profited from changes in American society.
at first glance: 乍看之下
    At first glance the problem seemed easy.
    At first glance, this is good news for the emerging markets.
    The answer is not as clear as it might seem at first glance.
That austerity contributed to a cultural shift, in which conspicuously expensive clothing fell out of favor.
austerity: n.(经济的)紧缩; 严格节制消费
    a period of austerity
    But under austerity, the program's budget was sharply reduced.
conspicuously: adv.显著地, 明显地
    conspicuous: adj.   easy to see or notice
        My green hair always made me conspicuous at school.
out of favor: 失宠，不受欢迎
    Ballet has gone out of favor.
"We went through a period where the logo was dying and nobody wanted to wear a big logo and advertise for the brand,"
said Jan Rogers, a retail consultant.
retail: n.零售
    retail price
    The shirt retails at $9.15.
slacks: n.裤子(尤指宽松的长裤)  synonym: trousers
    slack: adj.松弛的;疏忽的;不流畅的   v.松懈;减弱
    a pair of Uniqlo slacks
high-end: adj.高档的，高端的    expensive and of high quality
The company may be sensitive to customers' finances, but it's alive to their aspirations as well.
be sensitive to...: 体谅..., 体察...
    She is very sensitive to other people's feelings.
finances: n.(个人、组织、国家的)财力，财源，财务管理
    government/personal finances
    It's about time you sorted out your finances.
alive to: 意识到，认识到    synonym: aware of sth.
    to be alive to the dangers/facts
aspiration: n.强烈愿望; 志向, 报复
    He has never had any aspiration to earn a lot of money.
    While clearly not in line with our long-term aspirations, I find it to be an acceptable.