2018-05-11
Better late than never  亡羊补牢
better...than...:
    better sour than sweet; better sweet than sour
    better saft than sorry 小心总比抱歉好
Perceptions of unpunctual people are almost always negative - even if misguided. While there are those 
who get a charge out of keeping others waiting, the majority of us late people hating being late as well.
perception: n.观念
unpunctual: adj.不守时的
    He is an unpunctual person.
misguided: adj.被误导的, 搞错的
charge: v.充电; 冲刺 n.激动, 兴奋, 快感
    charge the phone; charge forward
    get a charge out of... 从...中获得快感
majority: n.多数
Being consistently late might not be your fault. It could be your type. The punctually-challenged often
share personality characteristics such as optimism, low leverls of self-control, anxiety, or a pendent
for thrill-seeking. Personality differences could also dictate how we experience the passing of time.
punctually-challenged: 不守时的
    adv.-challenged: ...残疾, (能力)
        intellectually-challenged; physically-challenged; logically-challenged
        academically-challenged 学渣; vertically-challenged "身高感人"; mathematically-challenged
optimism: n.乐观主义
penchant: n.倾向, 嗜好
    penchant for thrill-seeking
dictate: vt.支配, 控
For starters, there's the anticipation of being late, or too much attention to detail.
starter: 
    four-course dinner: 1.appetizers(starters) 开胃菜 2.fish course 3.entry 主餐 4.dissert
anticipation: n.期待, 预期
If you have a report you must finish by a specific deadline, the constant worrying about the deadline,
or the fear for writting a sub-par report might just get the better of you.
constant: 一直存在的, 不变的    /   consistent: 持续稳定的
deadline: n.最后期限, 截止日期
sub-par: adj.低于标准杆
    on-par 达到标准     above-par 标准之上
    sub-par report
get the better of you: 打败你
    Don't let alcohol/greed get the better of you.
For others, lateness is a consequence of deeply distressing common mental health or neurological 
conditions. For instance, people with anxiety diagnoses often avoid certain situations. Individuals 
with low self-esteem are likely to be critical about their abilities which may cause them to take 
more time to check their work.
consequence: n.后果, 结果
neurological: adj.神经学的
diagnoses: n.(pl.)诊断结论  singular: diagnosis
    people with anxiety diagnoses
attention to detail: 关注细节