Two centuries after her birth Emily Brontë's gifts(瑰宝) keep giving
Even the light of 200 birthday candles couldn't pierce the gloom of 'Wuthering Heights'.
But the fire that burned within Emily Brontë roars across the centuries.
Wuthering Heights 《呼啸山庄》
pierce: v.穿透，刺穿
    pierce one's heart 心如刀割
    Sunlight pierced the heavy mist.
gloom: n.幽暗，阴暗
Together with her siblings, Emily stoked a furnace of creativity unique in the annuals of literary history.
sibling: n.兄弟姐妹
stoke: v.给...加燃料(如煤或柴火)
furnace: n.火炉，熔炉
annals: n.史册; 历史记载
    Spring and Autumn Annals 《春秋》
The children wrote fantastical stories together, spinning imaginary worlds of romantic adventure.
fantastical: adj.奇异的，想象的
    So full of shapes is fancy that it alone is high fantastical.
spin: v.杜撰，编造
    spin a story/tale
remnant: n.剩余部分，残存物
    remnants of a meal  残羹剩饭
    remnants of medieval days   中世纪遗迹
juvenilia: n.(某作家或艺术家的)少年时期作品
    Only poetic remnants of that juvenilia survive today.
During their brief lives, each of the Brontë sisters managed to pulish at least one novel, and none of them generates
more cultish devotion than 'Wuthering Heights'. Yes, Charlotte's 'Jane Eyre' may have more readers, but the tale of young
Catherine and Heathcliff remains the most feverish love story in English literature.
cultish: adj.狂热的，疯狂崇拜的
feverish: adj.发热的，狂热的
devotion: n.热爱，仰慕
Emily, after all, is the woman who wrote, 'No coward soul is mine / No trembler in the world's storm-troubled sphere'.
coward: adj.胆小的，怯懦的
    No coward soul is mine / No trembler in the world's storm-troubled sphere 我没有怯懦的灵魂，在狂风急骤之处也不会战栗
    The coward dies a thousand deaths, the brave but one.   ― Ernest Hemingway, A Farewell to Arms
trembler: n.颤抖，战栗
storm-troubled: adj.被风暴困扰的
sphere: n.范围，区域
Characters she created are just as fearless, just as audacious in their disregard for what is expected, what is reasonable, what makes sense.
audacious: adj.敢于冒险的，大胆的 fearless
The wonder of 'Wuthering Heights' is its exponential emotions: 'such anguish in the gush and grief!'
exponential: adj.指数的; 呈指数倍增的
    There has been an exponential increase in the world population this century.
anguish: n.剧痛; 极度痛苦 [精神上的/身体上局部、暂时的]
    All the pain and anguish inside her rose like a tidal wave.
gush: n.喷涌; 涌流
    a gush of tears
grief: n.悲伤，悲痛 [某种处境下的感情的]
    She was overcome with grief when her husband died.
We know Catherine is doomed and Heathcliff is 'a fierce, pitiless, wolfish man', but how subversive, how bewitching such
unbridled passion feels in our self-conscious age of transactional hookups and enlightened unions.
doomed: adj.注定的，命定的
pitiless: adj.冷酷的，无情的    without pity
wolfish: adj.残忍的，似狼的
subversive: adj.颠覆性的
    The courageous and subversive movie has attracted widespread cirtical support.
bewitching: adj.迷人的，令人沉醉的
unbridled: adj.无拘无束的; 奔放的
self-conscious: adj.不自然的，矫揉造作的
    self-conscious age
    The humor of the play is self-conscious and contrived.
transactional: adj.交易型的，事务性的
hookup: n.勾结，勾搭
enlightened: adj.开明的，开通的
No dating app would ever bring these two lovers together; no marriage algorithm would ever predit a happy future.
And yet... 'He's more myself than I am,' Catherine cries. 'Whatever our souls are made of, his and mine are the same.'
algorithm: n.算法，运算法则