2018-05-11
2018 will be Xiaomi's coming-of-age year with the tech world's biggest ever IPO
come of-age: 成年
    a coming-of-age party
tech: n.科技
    tech company; tech business; tech world
It's only been seven years since the launch of Xiaomi's first smartphone in August 2011. Now, the 
Beijing-based firm is getting ready to raise an eye-watering tech IPO of at least $50 billion - expected 
to be the biggest public listing the world has ever seen. That's double Alibaba's record-breaking 
offering of $25 billion just three years prior.
It's been ... since ...
    It's been years since I rode the bike.
launch: n.推出; 发行
-based: 总部位于...的
eye-watering: 极大的; 大额的    so high or so extreme that is difficult or painful to even think about it
    The cost of getting your car repaired while abroad can be eye-watering.
the world has ever seen: (夸张的修饰作用)
    I'm going to light the biggest fire, the North has ever seen.
Valued at roughly $46 billion following its last funding round in 2014, Xiaomi became the most 
valuable private tech company at the time. Helped by its flash sales and savvy social media campaigns,
the Chinese smartphone maker is at present the third largest unicorn just behind ride-sharing Didi 
Chuxing and Uber , according to data compiled by CB Insights.
private: 未上市的   <-> public 上市的
flash sales: 快闪销售
savvy: adj.精明的
unicorn: n.独角兽
ride-sharing: 拼车的; 共乘的
    share economy
hardware: n.硬件; 装备; 设备
comment: v.评论; 提及
    People were always commenting on his size.
    The hardware maker hasn't commented on the timeline of the deal.
transplant: v.移植
    He is looking to transplant China's business ideas into other countries.
ammunition: n.炸药
    A well-timed(适时的) and successful IPO could bring in much-needed ammunition for the expansion.
Still, = But,
Still, with all the company has achieved in the past year, the valuation of a mega IPO is questioned
by Simon Lee, CUHK business school professor. "My feeling is $50 billion is too high when taking into 
account its sales performance and profitability. It is not justifiable at all." says the senior 
lecturer of accountancy."
mega: adj.巨大的, 宏大的; 杰出的
valuation: n.估值
    Facebook is world's largest social network, with a valuation of $520bn.
profitability: n.盈利能力
justificable: adj.合理的
accountancy: n.会计学
But the timing couldn't be better from an issuer standpoint.
issuer: n.发行人
standpoint: n.角度
funding around: 融资
IPO: 首次公开募股 initial public offerings