2019-06-24
Defence in China student's beheading in Illinois says he did it
defence: n.辩护; 辩词; 保护, 防护
    the defence 被告一方, 包括被告和辩方律师
    a defence lawyer 辩方律师
behead: v.砍...的头
Brendt Christensen, 29, could face the death penalty if he is convicted in the June 2017 abduction 
and murder of Yingying Zhang, a 26-year-old student at the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.
the death penalty: 死刑     the death sentence
    penalty n.惩罚, 刑罚
        a penalty of three years in prison
        a penalty for theft
convict: v.(在法庭上)宣判...有罪
    be convicted of robbery
abduction: n.绑架; 劫持; 诱拐   to take sb. away illegally, especially using force
    There has been a series of abductions of young children from schools in the area.
    abduct v.绑架
    ab- 表示away, 即远离、离开
    -duct: to lead, to pull
        conduct, production, reduction
    kidnap: 多指为了索取赎金的绑架
    abduct: 强调"把人带走", "劫持"这个动作
Christensen's defence lawyer acknowledged in his opening statement that his client killed Zhang but
disputed the prosecution's version of events.
opening statement: 开庭陈词
dispute: vt.(对...)有异议; 不赞同(某种观点、提案、政策等，不可以是sb.) n.
    get into a dispute with sb.
    beyond (all) dispute 不可争辩地, 不可置疑地
prosecution: n.(被)起诉; 诉讼   prosecute v.    prosecutor n.检察官, 公诉人
    the prosecution 控方
version: 版本; 说法
    an official version of the event
"You need to know who Brendt was and what he was going through — a downward spiral in his life," 
George Taseff told the jury as he sought to protect his client from the death penalty.
downward spiral: (局面的)迅速恶化; 螺旋式恶性下滑; (价格等的)不断下降
    spiral n.螺旋形
    This year's downward spiral of house prices has depressed the market.
    The country's economy is on a downward spiral.
seek: v.1. 试图, 设法; 寻找;
        2. 请求, 要求   to ask for help help, advice, approval, permission, etc.
    seek to do sth. (= try/attempt to do sth.)
        They sought to reassure the public.
    to seek legal advice
outlaw: v.使成为非法; 禁止; 取缔
    The new law has outlawed smoking in public places.
While the state of Illinois has outlawed capital punishment, a federal trial allowed prosecutors to seek the death penalty.
capital: adj.死刑的; 极其严重的
    a capital error 重大失误
    capital punishment = the death penalty
attorney: n.律师; 代理人
    Assistant United States attorney 美国助理检察官 = [imf.] a federal prosecutors
Christensen was obsessed with Bundy, who killed dozens of women in 1970s, and other serial killers.
obsess: v.(使)着迷, (使)萦绕于心
    be obsessed with sth.
        She is obsessed with personal hygiene.
        She used to obsess about her weight.
Christensen took Zhang to his apartment where she fought for her life as he hit her over the head
with a baseball bat, raped her and stabbed her in the neck before cutting off her head, Miller said.
Hell is empty, and all the devils are here.     - Shakespeare's The Tempest
stab: v.(用刀等锐器)戳, 捅, 刺
    be stabbed to death
interpreter: n.口译员
    interpret v.解释, 阐释; 口译
    translator n.笔译员
headset: 头戴式耳机