2019-04-02
Figure skating: Olympic champion Hanyu says '100 percent' on return to ice(赛场, 冰场)
figure: n.身材，轮廓; (花样滑冰的)动作; 花样
    figure skating 花样滑冰
    The skater executed a perfect set of figures.
Yuzuru Hanyu, the only man in more than 50 years to win back-to-back Olympic gold in figure skating, said on Tuesday that 
his condition is "100 percent" ahead of the world championships after months out of competition with an ankle injury.
win back-to-back Olympic gold medal: 蝉联冠军
back-to-back: adj.连续的; 一个接一个的  happening one after another
ahead of: (空间)...前面; (时间)早于...
    My dad always walks ahead of us.
    I tend to be anxious ahead of the exams.
world championship: 世界锦标赛
ankle: n.踝关节; 脚踝
    I fell over and twisted the ankle.
grand prix: n.国际大奖赛(尤指赛车比赛); 锦标赛 great or chief prize
drop out: 退出，停止; 辍学
    Both Bill Gates and Steve Jobs dropped out from top universities.
    Hanyu was forced to drop out of the Grand Prix Final as well as the Japanese nationals.
    Two candidates dropped out of the race before the election.
nationals: n.国家锦标赛
triumph: v.取得巨大成功; 胜利   to have a very great success or victory
    triumph over...
    Good usually triumphs over evil in the end.
    He triumphed after a long gap in Pyeongchang Winter Olympics.
    Shapur I triumphed over the Roman army and captured its emperor Valerian.
gap: 间隔
    a gap of five years / a long gap
A day before the competition starts, a black-clad Hanyu landed several clean quad jumps at practice.
black-clad: adj.身穿黑色衣服的; 一袭黑衣的
    -clad: 穿...衣服的，覆盖着...的
    leather-clad 一身皮衣;    snow-clad hill
quad jump: (花样滑冰)四周跳
    quadruple adj.四倍的
painkiller: n.止痛药
    He skated on painkillers to win at Pyeongchang after a month or so before the competition.
a month/year or so: ...左右
relish: v.期盼; 憧憬; 享受; 喜欢
    He always relishes a challenge.
    The French director especially relishes the collective nature of theatre work.
Hanyu, who has won two world championships himself, said he relished the competition - which is taking place
at the same arena just north of Tokyo where he won his first world title in 2014.
arena: n.竞技场，场地；竞争舞台
    a sports arena / political arena 政治斗争舞台
    He is perceived to be fairly untainted in a political arena renowned for corruption.
world title: 世界冠军
    title n.头衔; 称号
    Joe Louis won the heavyweight boxing title in 1937.
tension: n.紧绷状态; 紧张关系或时刻
    muscular tension
    You could feel the tension in the room as we waited for our exam results.
    There are growing tensions between the two countries.
    It was supposed to be a chance of the two parties to ease tensions and find common ground.
    There's a special tension ahead of the world championship.